Want (new) emotionally close people to hurt me physically: So I thought it was a common thing, but to my surprise Google did not think like that. Whenever I am getting emotionally close with someone, either a crush or just a friend with whom we talk a lot one-on-one, I want them to hurt me physically. It happens with pretty much every new close person and this pattern itself has been present since childhood. It sounds a bit crazy written like that, but I do believe it is actually quite usual. I have not figured out the mechanism. It might be partly to punish myself for getting close with someone. It might be partly to "test" people, to see, how far I can make them go. And to avoid disappointment and trusting them. It is partly just to "get it over with", like a compulsion. Does anyone else have this or does it ring a bell? I have a background of ~15 years of on-and-off self-injury every other year or so. I do not think I have BPD or anything like that, maybe slight PTSD. It's not a sexual thing. And I am highly functional, manage my work and uni etc very well. Ideas about the mechanism?

I’m not sure if this is the right section but I think it’s time for me to start talking about one incident that kept happening to me in school that I keep trying to repress for close to twenty years now. I’m giving a spoiler warning as my story involves sexual assault. I think what is occurring in Hollywood right now is triggering memories I keep trying to forget. Basically the story is when I was in ninth grade,which was from 2000-2001, I was walking down the hall from the locker room to the gym when I felt someone touching me inappropriately from behind and laughing about it. I was horrified and ran off terrified and the female gym teacher saw me run away frightened and went after me. I know who did it because the kid panicked when I ran and screamed “Oh no!” I was too afraid to talk about what he did to me and wouldn’t tell the teacher what had occurred. The gym teachers eventually found out through the others I guess but the kid who did this to me didn’t seem to be punished enough for what he did. I was too traumatized by it that I didn’t even tell my family that I was sexually assaulted. Then the same thing kept happening to me every day I had gym in the locker room for months and whoever kept doing it to me always ran off quickly enough that I never saw who it was but I’m 95% sure it was the same one who did it the first time since he kept bullying me in other ways until graduation. I became so afraid of gym that I would change quickly without ever turning my back and making sure I was the first to get changed and in the gym and first to change and leave the locker room. That is when the school called the crazy lady (the one who abused after she started drinking). She confronted me and then tried to get me to talk but I still refused to annd she then said to me, “That proves you aren’t gay!” as if I was supposed to enjoy being violated the way I was. The last three months of that school year I had to switch to the adaptive gym class for handicapped kids because I was too afraid to go to regular gym.My fear is that he is a sex offender now that is still hurting people and getting away with it because the victims he hurt are also too afraid to talk about it. I’ve felt this way for years but I know that I can’t press charges against him because it was so long ago. Part of me wants to shout out his name as a sexual predator but part of me knows I can’t because of privacy laws and I have no real proof other than the horrible memory of what he did to me. Plus his family has quite a bit of money and I don’t so he’d probably win the case anyway. I don’t know what to do at this point. I’m pretty sure if it weren’t for my meds and my dislike of the taste of alcohol, I’d be drinking heavily just to repress the memory of my sexual assault. It was that traumatic for me.

I need friends, but I don't know how to go about making any. I'm 42, diagnosed with bipolar 2, borderline personality disorder, anxiety and PTSD. I feel so depressed right now. I work full time, but am still living pay check to pay check, and I am exhausted, both physically and emotionally. I need a life outside of work, but I fear I have nothing to give in a friendship, let alone more than one friendship.

Hi everyone, this is my first time posting on a forum but I don’t know anyone who really understands how am feeling so am hoping to find someone who does. I am 30 years old and for aslong as I can remember I have felt this underlying sadness but lately I feel like I am unable to hide it. I am not sure where it stems from and I think that’s the issue because I don’t exactly know how to take the steps to fix something when am not sure of the cause. I have terrible negative thoughts about people close to me dying, I feel like there is something missing inside of me to make me happy. I have members of my family who are struggling with depression and I don’t know how to handle it, I know it’s not about me because they are the ones who are depressed, but it’s like I love them so much I can’t deal with the sadness of them being sad so I completely shut down and this can make me seem heartless but I just don’t know how to react so I become numb. I am always the person who offers the best advice and people think I am really strong so for me to come out and say I have been feeling this way it would be such a big shock and I don’t like being the centre of attention so I keep it all in. It’s now affecting my relationship with my partner, as me feeling numb and not being able to communicate my feelings comes across as me being heartless and he isn’t going to stick around for much longer. Somewhere along the line I have learn that showing. your emotions makes you vunerable and I don’t want to be seen in that way. Does anyone else experience anything like this? Everything seems like a big effort I know am not depressed, well I don’t think I am, but something isn’t right. I hope someone can relate to me in some way.

I just don't care. About anything. I cannot help but not care, at all. I believe I am a narcissist. I have come to the point of not wanting to do anything besides sleeping and eating and staying warm this winter. Whenever I try to force myself to do other things, I start feeling incredibly tired and careless. That, and my focus and memory are gone. My mind goes into complete chaos and aggravation. I am constantly depressed. My mood stabilizing pills and anti-depressants don't really do much I think. I am simply a parasite off of my parents. And I don't really care about them either. I have no emotions. Like I said, I'm a narcissist. I still have a fear of death, of dying and being judged by the Christian God. And also a natural fear of death and bleeding in particular. Yet, I feel that I might still be able to commit suicide. However, right now my conditions are not that bad I feel, so there's that that's preventing me. I also know that killing myself would make my parents and relatives sad, so I think I won't do it anytime soon while they are still alive, hopefully. But when there's no one to support me, that's a different kettle of fish. Is there any advice people can give this narcissist, or is there anyone in similar shoes?

Racing thoughts: Does anyone else suffer with this? I get it really bad at night and it keeps me awake and goes through to the day sometimes. It's just one of my symptoms but I haven't been diagnosed with anything in particular yet. I go through what I've done though the day, what I didn't do, conversations I've had wih people, what should I do tomorrow or now. Maybe I should change clothes, 3 or 4 times just to put pj's on again. It's never ending. The way I explain it to my pdoc is its like trying to watch 3 TVs at once. I had it really bad yesterday and rang my support worker and all I could say was "I don't know how I feel, it's just like, I feel like, like, like" I got annoyed with myself in the end and told her "I just like, can't even think" I couldn't even make real sentences. It was scary but I feel better today after a good night sleep. I was told a few months ago I was having a psychotic episode and that's it really. But isn't psychosis just a symptom of something else?

does anyone know what’s wrong with me? for as long as i can remember, i have not been able to feel sympathy/empathy. i pretend to care when others are upset because i feel like i should, but for some reason when others cry or are upset i think the issue is petty and unimportant. to sum it up, i just get annoyed. on top of that, i feel empty. all of the ‘emotions’ i show on the surface are faked. i’m never happy, and i’m never necessarily sad. i’m just emotionless, and the only emotion i can actually feel is anger. i get angry extremely easy, and i find myself snapping at others a lot. my friends always tell me i’m so nice and sweet, but i’m really not. it’s all faked. everything about my personality is fake because i don’t feel anything. i sometimes feel remorse, but only if i get in trouble for something i’ve done. lastly, i tend to only be motivated to do the things that will benefit me. as selfish as it sounds, i can’t help it. i have no idea what’s wrong, but i know it’s not okay. if you have an idea of what i’m talking about, please reply because i could really use some advice.

Fell out with my mother over depression. Hi all, I have suffered with depression and anxiety on and off for a few years now but this past year has been the worst for me. I am on sertraline 50mg and propronalol 140mg. I had a really upsetting episode the other morning and ended up on the phone to the crisis team. I won’t go into all the details but the first person I wanted to speak to was my mam. She ended up telling me she was done with me, I have a perfect life. People have children murdered or raped, and if I had real depression I wouldn’t be able to go out for my partners birhday, and I would of killed myself by now. She then went on to say she felt like she had lost a child with me, I don’t have a relationship with my brothers and sisters, and my boyfriend doesn’t understand me even when he says he does. I am silly for feeling this way because I don’t have a real reason. She was brought up with a paedophile dad and she is skint and can’t afford my siblings Christmas presents so if anyone should be in a dark hole it should be her. She said depressed people don’t air their problems on social media (even though I feel this helps me as I want more people to understand) she said people won’t understand as they aren’t my friends. My mam really upset me she said she’s done with me now and asif I don’t already feel guilty enough for feeling this way she’s now made me feel stupid and pathetic and unworthy. I’ve had to take 3 weeks off work just to sort my Head out. I can’t explain what goes on in my head so how Can I make her understand. She has really upset me and made my illness worse and it’s my 21st birthday on Wednesday and I doubt we will be even made up for that.

I just feel so hopeless: I am in a very bad spot in my life right now. I have battled with depression on and off, but I am currently in a downward spiral of despair. I lost my mom less than two weeks ago. She wasn’t doing well, was in the hospital and she just stopped breathing, everything. They tried to bring her back but nothing could be done. I lost my dad to cancer 2 years ago. I’m 38 y.o., childless. I’m married, but I just don’t want to live anymore. I don’t want to hurt my husband, but I just am very very depressed. I know I have to get professional help but it just seems like nothing ever is going to help. I hate my job, don’t have anything to live for. I guess I don’t even know why I’m writing this because I don’t think anything can help. I see nothing ahead for me. I am so lost, I feel like nothing is worth living for.

Advice desperately needed: I don't know if anyone will read this. I don't know if anyone will care. I don't know if I'm just being weak and pathetic here. If you've got a few minutes, please read.. I don't even know what I'm going to write yet but I really need someone to hear it. I broke up with my boyfriend about two weeks ago. I was with him for two years. Those years were filled with an imbalance of emotional distress. I tried, for a large part of it, to ignore my own emotions entirley and give all to help him. After about a year I guess this self suppression became too much and it all started to bubble over, like a stove kettle heated and forgotten. He was a lot older than me. He never ever was physically abusive, unless you can count preventing me from leaving in times of great distress (which I won't, as so many people suffer so greatly). I don't know if he really loved me. But he blamed me for not being able to help him enough. He blamed me for him not having a job. He blamed me for his lying and consequent stealing ( it broke my heart and dreamsof the future when I found out he was lying about ever having a job, actually getting up each morning to pretend to go, and was at the same time stealing hundreds from my house, my room and my mother.) And I STILL took him back, he spoke sweetly and I was trapped again. He told me this was special, no one had anything like this, and oh, if I ever left he would kill himself. " answer the phone now, or I die.' If you ever do drugs again not only will I die but that will be it I will never forgive you you f****** druggy' *two weeks later*: oh I got some stuff for us, we're doing it!!!' He didn't want me to see friends without him present and I was scared to do so as he always caused a huge scene and they wouldn't want to see me anymore. I wasn't allowed male friends really, which is ok I guess I understand. I work alot and help around the house alot due to it being very needed at home, and although he didn't work and I saw him everyday he was always saying how I didn't give him enough time. he used to harm himself and when with an old group of his friends LOVED really really humilating me from time to time, getting them all to hate me and then not telling me they did and getting upset when I didn't want to go there. And when I didit was always drugs drugs drugs and an atmosphere of hostility. I was so scared to leave for a long time it was easier to stay. The stealing kind of ended it for me butI thought the problem was me not listening or caring enough and that I just needed to be better somehow. The constant atguements and doubt werepiling on topof years of emotional pain, trauma and dirstress and maybe it was all my fault or just partly but.. I'm going on here I know this is boring. No one will read this much for me, but I'llkeep typing anyway. So I broke up with him after a horrible argument in which he said " well do you know why I've always lied to you about so much?? It's YOU. You don't care and you don't listen ! I don't have a job because of YOU you won't help me ! My friend X had his girfriend take his CVS out everywhere why can't you be more like her???" I said get out. Its over. I was crying and shaking asking for a break saying I'm sorry I just need to build myself up again please give me some time and he said no. We aren't having a break. I locked him out and said im sorry it's over please go. It was 11 pm or later and he was shouting and crying knowing my family was sleeping, he could see me in great distress through the window and kept tapping it over and over and over and over and over and over an over and over and over and over. I was in such a state when he finally left. Then came the sweet messages. For once I didn't give in. This hurt so bad because I did love him but slowly dawned upon me a sense of freedom and I realised I could be a teenager again. That weekend, about a week after, I went out and did pills. With my friend at her flat. A guy lives in the same building, lets call him J. I was drugged up and happy and untouchable and I kissed and hugged him. My friend had to leave for some reason or another so after a heavy night I stayed in Js room.I mustof looked like such a freak, in his bed with a thick hoody on terrified he would see my abudence of scars and realise I am not fun and happy and nice and sociable and funny or pretty. I had sex with him thatnext morning. It was so stupid. I didn't think I was that type of girl. I regret it alot. But J and I carried on speaking over text and he kept saying he really likes me blah blah trying to get me to come and see him and texting me all the time. Ex found out and I denied it which was probably wrong but he was going to over there and kill the guy. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm going there on Friday for a party. I'm going to be staying with J. Schizoprenia runs in my genes unfortunately, I grew up around a close family member suffering eith it. They all day marijuana switched something in his head. He died three years ago I miss him a lot. I insult him as I have smoked alot of weed. I have done many drugs. I don't smoke as much anymore. Well last night Iwent for a smoke with a mate in another mates car the music was loud and all seemed good I got really high and the twisted stories ( I hesitate to call it paranoia due to the pains of people I have met ) . I thought J was only seeing me so he could film me having sex with him and use it to blackmail me. Thatour mutual friend was in on it and maybeshe and J are sleeping together and she wants revenge for something I have forgotten or never realised.I thought Ex was in on it all too. That I am a huge joke and everyone isin on something. Everyone knows something I dont. I never am smoking weed again, I was so quiet and scared I bet the people I wss with thought I was a freak and i haven't told J maybe some part of me realises it's all stupid and unlikely . I can't eat, I had a some problems with food when I was about 11 of 12. Also self harm, alot of it. I was homless and lived with a family member who wss having a mental breakdown at this age. i witnessed someone self harming badly.. I never lived in a housefor more than 2 years before this, I had no long term friends. We went into care. Didn't stay long. Came out and family member was a lot better and amazing I must say she is amazing. I am not meant to talk about this irs the past i need to get over it right. So a little or i guess long while later when I met Ex I thought he wwas my saviour I was so mentally screwed. I feel like the pains of our relationship have just gone into the same jar and now it's cracking. I can't eat and I'm already skinny enough in myopinion I want to put on weight and I'm just losing it. I work looking after the elderly and I love it but everything feels fake. I just cry all of the time. There is this horrible anxiouspulsating fuzzy weight in my chest and I can't sit still I can't focus on anything I can't do anything I can't sleep until early hours and then I sleep for ages and I'm still tired and I know I suck. This is all pathetic. No one will read this. I have antidepressants prescribed but I'm so scaredd of feeling worse for a month that I haven't taken them and my own personal goal is to tackle this without them but I guess I personally can't do this. I get suicidal thoughts alot but I simply can't leave my family they love and depend on me to some extent I guess I have quite a lot of responsibility in comparison to some of peers as far as I can observe but I'm so scared I'm going to the friwnds and Js on Friday to do pills with all of these other people and when I'm on it I'll shine and be confident and amazing and lovely and I can pretend to be all of these things sometimes like at work but I feel it's all fake im nothing but a parisite at my core. I'm so sad and scared . I'm sorry for wasting your time if anyone did read this it's all pretty pathetic huh? What a waste of time

Neighbors harassing me: Hi guys my neighbors have been harassing me by shining lasers at my window, they use it with a drone. I can hear the drone flying near my window and can see the laser shining at my window though haven't been able to catch it with a camera. I have had to got to hospital to be medicated for a week because it got too much. They keep me up throughout the night and when I get up I can hear them laughing like they are happy harassing me! I have told friends and my mother and they think I'm going mad. Can anyone help me at all???

Shell-shocked: I don't really know where to start, but I'm here because I wanted to find somewhere where others have relatable experiences. I hope it's okay to post in this section; I have done because it doesn't necessarily fit a specific single illness, and is more my experience of the last several months. I have a long history of on-off depression which has gone untreated for years. In spring, I started feeling 'fast'. That's the best way I can describe it. Everything had been going great, I was working well, achieving a lot, and then everything went fast. To start with that was okay; I've never been a great sleeper so I didn't think it was a big deal when I stopped sleeping and I was filling every hour with productive things (work, home improvements, exercise, future plans, you name it). But things got faster and faster and I got more and more impulsive. Sometimes I didn't care, and it felt great but at other times I knew something wasn't right and I felt torn apart because I was out of control. I was referred to my local MH services for mood disorders but there was a long wait to be seen. By July, everything escalated and I experienced my first episode of psychosis. This lasted on and off for a month or so, and no medication they gave me touched me at all - I couldn't sleep, I couldn't stop. I'll not go into details but eventually I crashed down from this, and ever since have been spiraling into the worst depression I have ever experienced. I'm so lost. I'm shellshocked by what has happened to my life. I'm mortified by what I've put my partner (lives away) and a few close friends through. I'm exhausted. I keep doing the things you're supposed to do - I get up in the morning, I take exercise, I've moved back to my parents because I needed other people around me to provide some structure (some expectation to get up and function). It doesn't help. Nothing helps. I'm supposed to return to work this month. I don't know how I can do that. I'm going through the motions and it just gets harder and harder to keep awful thoughts at bay. I'm under the early intervention team. They are treating me cautiously for bipolar I think, but won't make a diagnosis because they 'don't want to label' me. I don't expect a miracle from them, but nothing they have done or said helps at all. They just tell me it takes time, but I don't feel I have time. I know nobody here can fix this for me. I don't expect that. But I just wondered if any of you have any ideas how to pick yourself up and move forwards from a major MH episode that's left you feeling like I do now? And I guess I want to know I'm not the only one who feels like this. I think I feel like I've lost control and I need to regain that some how, but nothing I do seems to help. Thanks to anybody who reads this.

Seeking Advice: Hello. This time I'm seeking advice. I think the first time I'm doing so. How can I kill feelings and emotions inside? I wanna kill my sense of logic and thinking as well. In simple words, I want to become a robot. How can I do it?

advice in surviving suicidal thoughts: I've become a regular in posting here, on one hand it's good because I can share things I could not before, on the other hand it's like a sign of desperation and pain. I want advice from people who have experienced it or ones who are professionals - how do you survive these periods of intense feelings of hopelessness and desperation to the point of suicidal urges that are becoming increasingly prominent and terrifying. I'm trying to work with myself to achieve change for the better but I can't do it when I'm that hopeless. It's scary that I'm in this place and sometimes think that I have no choice except ending it all. I don't want to act on these thoughts but I just can't control them, it's like morbid thoughts. Please sharr from your experience.

reported my neighbour for child neglect and drugs: I'm feeling really sick right now. Thursday I reported my neighbour for the neglect of her 1 yr old. He screams 18 out of 24. There's no input with him he doesn't speak and he's stuck at home while the house in darkness as she never opens the blinds. She smokes cannabis from getting up to going to sleep. She then goes and puts the baby in the car and drives under the influence of drugs. Seriously causing me mental distress. I often disassociate as it causes me distress. I just couldn't cope I felt bad I had to tell my dr. So it's been reported to safe guarding department. But what happens next will they find out it's me and will they take her baby away. I wouldn't cope if they took him away. But I can't take it back. Please someone help me. I feel so bad and it's making me ill I'm taking it out on myself. I'm scared I'm going to do something bad to myself with the guilt. (Meaning self harm)

completely hopeless: I don't know how I'll make it. When I feel like I tried everything and it doesn't help - therapy, medication, physical activity, everything. Nothing is helping, and suicidal thoughts are stronger than ever. When suicidal thoughts hit you there is know escape, I don't know how people overcome these places. I have tried to keeo it positive but I have completely collapsed mentally, I can't sleep even with pills, I feel like I am doomed. It is disappointing how I got to this place and that nothing have changed, I feel I have failed. I look at my family, friends, everybody is living their lives and I am stuck. I often think how they will react if I took my own life, how broken they will be, I just can't do this to them but the pain I'm experiencing right now is unbearable. Everything makes me feel bad and hopeless, and someone like me should have never reached this situation. This is the most hopeless and rock-bottom that I have ever felt. I wish I could change all this, change myself for the better, but I can't. The anxiety is too strong, I really don't know how I am going to survive and I feel so lame for writing this here.

My first post here. I'm looking for advice due to my neighbor who seems to have anger issues. For over a year now she has taken to shouting day in and day out at "Someone". I know its not me, I think its her ex-boyfriend who lives next door on the other side. Nothing unusual in that I guess but the problem is it is relentless, it never stops for days. This is having a detrimental effect on my own mental health as I cannot sleep when she is shouting. My Landlord doesn't care and, unlike an antisocial neighbor, she clearly has mental health issues so I don't want to complain to the council and get her evicted if she is already in poor mental health. So I don't know what to do. Currently I've had two days of this - without any break. She's even shouting at "Someone" while doing the housework. Some bad episodes she's often yelling at the top of her voice outside the next door but one. Sometimes bashing the door with a wheelie bin. The police have been round many times but they simply either don't care or don't want to get involved. I'm reluctant to go to her directly as I've been in the situation before where I have then become the object of their anger and had my car vandalised and attempted break ins. It's not as if she's a bad neighbour either as when she is, on the rare occasions placid, she has helped me. I feel I'm just stuck and there's nothing I can do. Currently I'm looking for a new flat before I get to the end of my tether but not a lot is available at my price point. Anyone got some help or advice for this kind of situation?

Anyone have a relative living with dementia?: Dementia touches a lot of people's lives, so is there anyone who wishes to talk about it on here? Just a thought

Hyperventilation: I don't remember if I've asked this question before, yet I'm sorry if I have. I've read on different sites that an anxiety attack, also called panic attack, causes hyperventilation. The thing is I tend to hyperventilate all the time and I also feel short of breath at every moment of the day. I yawn as a reason, I sigh as well and I also take random deep breaths (and after those randomly-timed deep breaths I feel my lungs are finally getting oxygen) potentially at every moment. All these symptoms have no roots in any physical problems. My question is whether this is still possible to be related to anxiety? I wish you all a great time.

My uncommon, irrational fear: I have three fears that I group together into a “fear of things moving that shouldn’t move” which sounds weird, but that’s just what I’ve always called this. Let me explain: Ever since I was really young, I’ve been so scared of things that sway (wind chimes, swing sets, hanging stuff, those giant inflatable flailing tubes that car dealerships always have), and toys that move (my neighbours had this little Christmas tree that opened its mouth and moved its hands that used to make me cry). As I grew up, these fears grew worse; I can’t sleep when it’s windy, as I know things outside are blowing around, I hate the thought of hair blowing in the wind, so I cut mine short, I took the drawstrings out of my hoodies, and I developed a fear of things floating in water (my grandparents live next to the ocean, so when we go boating, I have panic attacks thinking about floating around). My whole life, my friends and parents have made fun of me, and it’s honestly annoying that I fear going new places, as I won’t be able to prepare myself for things that may be hanging. I don’t have much else to say, but I’ll share some stories. In high school, my art teacher had to take all the kids art projects hanging from the ceiling down, as I expressed my discomfort to her. I can’t go in pools, as floaties give me awful anxiety; I go around and throw them out of the water if I can. When servers at restaurants accidentally hit the hanging lights above a table, I can never go back to that restaurant. I don’t go to one friend of my dads house, as she has huge vertical blinds that constantly move When I take a shirt off a hanger, I have to hold the hanger until it stops swinging, and if it hit another hanger, I freak out. I avoid the toy aisles in stores for obvious reasons. I’m tired of all these things running my life, does anyone know what I can do?

Insomnia...help! I have generalized anxiety disorder, I've had it since I was a kid. But a couple years ago, it started affecting my sleep. I talked to my psychiatrist about it and she prescribed me clonazapam for a short period which put me right out, but she eventually took me off it so I wouldn't become addicted. She then prescribed me Valium which in the beginning was helpful, but now it's not doing much for me. Now, I take 15mg of Valium, 10mg of Ambien, 3-4 over the counter sleep-aids (doxylamine succinate) and 3 melatonins...and this barely puts me to sleep, sometimes I still am tossing and turning or staring at the clock. Does anyone experience this? Does anyone have any other tips on how I can combat this without all these pills? I've tried meditation, establishing a routine, drinking chamomile tea, and none of this works. Please someone help!

I have been struggling so so much with my fiance at the moment. We have been together for 3 years and are due to get married next september - something ive always looked forward too but lately i just want to cancel it. When we first got together he was still dating another girl who he continued to see for 6 months into our relationship - he says just as a friend and nothing ever happened between them but he always hid it from me. He always pretended he didnt know and he forgot etcetc. After one year i found out he was watching porn. Every night. Now a lot of people have said that thats normal as he is a young guy and what not. But when i confronted him about it he told me its because im not good enough. Since this he has stopped watching the porn and we have a very good sex life - at times. There are times where he wants it constantly then there are others where we can go a month with no sex and it doesnt bother him. We bought our own house in march of this year and in may i found a pair of pants. Just simple black pants. But they are not mine as i couldnt get them passed my knees. He laughed it off and said they are probably my sisters.. who is bigger than me. We ended up having a couple of weeks apart after this because i was so so sure he had cheated on me. He still has never admitted anything to me and still denies everything. Lately he has been coming home really late. Friday he should of finished work at 1:30 but didnt come home until 6 as he 'worked late again' which has now been 5 days in a row. He is very protective of his phone. Even if he is trying to show me something and i go to hold the phone he pulls it away from me so i cant even hold the phone. He keeps telling me its all in my head and i think a lot of it is but i dont know what to do anymore. I love him more than anything in the world and i couldnt imagine my life without him yet this is all destroying me! I just need a lie detector machine or something to prove that he is or isnt telling me the truth

Family reaction: Hello. I am new here and have joined in the hope that I can discuss things with people who have been through similar things. My question for today relates to how your family has reacted to your anxiety/depression. In short, I suffer on and off from both and have done for many years but was formally diagnosed about 2.5 years ago. I used anti depressants for 2 years and was lucky enough to borrow some money from a supportive family member to pay to see a therapist and am now coping much better. But on first opening up to the other side of my family, I was met with disinterest at best and cruelty at worst. From an general lack of asking how I was to saying things like anxiety doesn't exist, I had made it up, my therapist had put ideas in my head and that I was too confused, lying about the causes. Sadly much of my problem has stemmed from interaction with these family members over the years so I guess I shouldn't have been surprised. I don't need to tell you how painful and all consuming mental health issues can be, the worst few years were honestly the hardest thing I've ever gone through. So I have cut off these family members to protect myself from comments that perpetuated my issues, only to be tormented by further hurtful comments and ill feeling towards me from both them and other family. I struggle to understand how anyone could be so cruel to someone who is clearly suffering (and then question the decision for no contact). Perhaps they just don't understand, I will never really know. I am struggling today with the injustice of being treated so badly then being the villain for stepping away from them. Has anyone else experienced this? I'd be so interested to know how you've dealt with any feelings of guilt or anger or just that I am not the only one who has gone through this.

I can't get over something my manager and my mum said. I can't stop over thinking and obsessing about it. How can I get over it? I have been depressed for a few months now and just recently decided to go back to my old singing teacher for singing lessons. I was a bit nervous to see her again because it had been so many years. I thought that was very normal and to be expected. I had not seen her in about 3 years. So we met for the lesson and as we were talking out of nowhere out of the blue she said "it's not good to be so not sure all the time". I was already feeling very depressed and I found this very insulting. So I came home and told my mum (im still living at home and thought she would comfort me). Instead she said something that made me feel so much worse, she kind of agreed with my singing teacher and said "yeah you should be sure", "why not tell your teacher you are sure". The problem is I wasn't even sure what she was talking about. But the whole experience made me feel like its not ok to be "not sure" at times. Like, doesn't everyone go through times of uncertainty and change in their life where they are very unsure? Isn't it ok to be not sure or indecisive? I keep getting attacked by my singing teacher over this and feel very hurt and bullied. A lot of other students feel this way about her as well and myself and one other stopped going to lessons there. But what she said still bothers me. Is it ok to be not sure, aren't we all not sure at times? I'm in between jobs at the moment and employment is a bit uncertain. I feel not sure about what my next job is going to be, or how I'm going to use my degree. I guess im unsure about lots of things in life. My mum said something that implied this wasn't normal. She said something that drove me crazy, it really hurt and I haven't been able to get over it for weeks. She said I should always say I'm sure about things, even if I am not sure. I was going to sing at a gig my singing teacher offered me to sing at, but I didn't really feel ready yet to sing at it. I didn't really feel up for it. And even if I eventually would have been ready to sing at, I was so depressed that I didn't want to. Mum said just say you are sure (when I hadn't even practiced yet or rehearsed the song). It really upset me and made me so angry and I haven't been able to shake it. I've always been the kind of person who is confident enough to be honest. If I am not sure about something yet, I just say I'm not sure yet, I'm sure I'll be ready on the day I'm just not ready yet. I guess I just feel very attacked over this personality trait of mine. It makes me feel depressed that people are criticising something about who I am. I guess my questions are 1) Is it ok to be not sure at times? Aren't we all in life? 2) Isn't it more normal to say straight up. 'I'm not sure yet but will be ready on the day'. Why won't my mum listen to a different point of view? 3) Is it normal to disagree with your parents over fundamental life principles like this? Is it weird I don't agree with her about this? 4) what should I do to get over this / Stop obsessing about it and move on?

Bullying: I recently read about a person bullied by pupils and teachers and the way she solved the problem by moving schools. Why is it that the bullies always get protected? Those who bullied should have been held accountable. It's like the victims of bullying are often made to have counselling this is not right it is the bullies if anyone who should be made to take counselling. That then might solve the problem.

Scary symptoms of anxiety?? I have suffered with anxiety for about 4 years now. The thing I can't bare about anxiety is the scary symptoms that it causes! Not sure if anyone else gets this but I started getting muscle twitches (which have thankfully almost disappeared) and I also get pins and needles sensations in my finger tips, sometimes goes up my hand, in my feet that have on occasion gone up my leg. The only way I get rid of these symptoms is by distraction. I have health anxiety so bad and every little symptom I feel, convinces me that it's another serious illness. It affects my home life, sometimes my work life and just makes me feel like I'm going round the bend! I obsess over every little thing, it makes me so mad at myself....oh to be "normal"

Germphobia, opening up for the first time. Hi, I've had a germphobia for around 5 years now, for so long I kept it to myself and tried to deal with it in myself, I kept to myself for so long as to I was and still am embarrassed by it. I also thought I could get rid of it on my own. I have looked over what I wrote and it's quite lengthly, if you are able to give your time to give it a read and any response I would appreciate it a lot! It has gotten to the stage now I've had it for so long and it has effected my life bad, I've decided enough is enough I need to speak out in some way and try and seek help. It is something I've some what had a denial to by thinking I could get it to go away and telling myself "I don't want there to be something wrong with me" I had dealt with it on my own for a long while until others around me had noticed, the only person I can open up to and talk about it to is my girlfriend who has been so helpful and done so much for me, although I can open up and talk to her about it there is still some stuff I feel embarrassed of and can't tell her. Apologies for the long essay this is just the first I'm getting it properly of my chest and have so much to say. When I was younger I was never afraid of germs, it is something that started effecting me while I was in hospital for a few days, my brother pointed out about germs such as MRSA and me touching things and eating etc as like I said I had no issue with germs. From here it sort of got into my head and from what I can remember I suddenly had a fear of germs from when I wasn't in hospital, I wouldn't wear my clothes I had wore in hospital etc. Now hospital germs do not bother me at all and I've came now to be extremely afraid of toilet germs, I was on holiday and hadn't noticed our toilet was leaking from the bottom, a pair of my shorts ended up being soaked from the leaking toilet, I just got changed and brought the soaked shorts home with me and washed them when home and continued to wear them and clothes from my case without an issue. One day I was working and got some cat fieces on a cloth I was using to clean, I had a sore head after this and someone told me about toxoplasmosis and it's effects, this is when I started worrying about germs again. After a while I had a fear of germs from the toilet and would not wear any of my clothes from the holiday I had been on although I had wore them a lot before hearing about toxoplasmosis without a worry, I also wouldn't wear clothes that had been in drawers etc with those clothes as I felt they were contaminated. One day I went to the toilet and got splashed by toilet water, I started worrying about this, when i got homemade I washed my clothes then I started thinking the washing machine was contaminated and couldn't wash clothes in that washing machine but I could use towels my mum had washed in the washing machine to dry myself but could it wear the clothes. With my mum and dad wearing clothes they had washed in there as well as touching my clothes I felt were contaminated I began to feel like they were covered in germs, these germs from the toilet I fear; in my head spread, for example all over a person, all over a surface. If I get splashed my toilet water I would have to get showered for a very long time and throw out the shower gel I had used and clothes I was wearing etc. I regularly showered for very long periods and washed my hands for long periods when I felt dirty. I then began to feel like I couldn't eat stuff cooked in my parents house. I decided to move out to get away from the germs because it was really effecting my life and had essentially ruined it. I love my family but because of my phobia I stayed away from them for 2 years and didn't see them as I felt they were covered in germs. For around 6 months I was living with it well, I had a new job and wasn't able to go about my daily life again, then suddenly I was back to the bad fear, this then caused me to leave my job and eventually had me living in an actually germy environment, I would go days without getting washed as I felt I had no clean clothes I could wear, I wouldn't wash doe dirty surfaces, the house I was renting became a real dirty place that someone without s germphobia couldn't live in. I've since moved out and am back in my parents and seeing my family and don't feel like they are covered in germs anymore, my girlfriend and I got a new house closer to my parents and where I grew up but was alightly afraid of moving in because the toilet was right beside the bath/shower and was worried that by flushing the toilet that small amounts toilet water would sometimes splash into the bath. My girlfriends family have been in our old house (the one that got extremely dirty to the extent it was unliveable) as it belongs to a relative of theirs, my girlfriend cleaned it when we moved out as she knew I was unable and freaked out at the thought of it, although she cleaned the house I can't feel the house is clean as it was extremely dirty at the end when we moved out, her mum is a cleaner and gave it a proper clean when we moved out as would be when majority of tenancys end. Since then her mum got us a tv from her friend for our new house, I thought I was ok with it and got it brought to our house, now it's on our new house I feel like it isn't covered in germs and now my house is covered in germs, I've had the house for 3 months and haven't moved in because of this and have been trying to get over it myself but I'm realising I can't and I need help. Her family began to around a year ago I had a germphobia and now I'm home again my family have noticed and my mum has tried to get me to speak to my doctor but I didn't want to as I felt embarrassed and kind of didn't want anth to admit there was "something wrong with me". I know the phobia is silly and it's all on my head, but as much as I know that it's really silly I can't get over it. Sorry for such a long story just thought I would get it all out as this is the first I've opened up about it. If anyone could helped I would appreciate it so much as my life has basically been ruined from it. Also if anyone needs any help or to talk also I'm happy to help others in anyway.

Hair loss: I've been on antipsychotic meds for mental health for almost a decade and I have suffered from hair loss for a long time. I think the meds are making my hair fall out, I just wanted to know if there is anyone else experiencing this.

Feel like giving up: Hi and sorry in advance for my first post but I just don't know what to do. In the last year I have lost my father, gran, uncle, godparents, best friend and several other friends from cancer/accidents. Despite putting on a brave face and returning to work, my boss who knows about everything has been bullying me. I've been told to take action but I'm not strong enough despite plenty of evidence and witnesses. I'm on citalopram and speak to a specialist counsellor every fortnight but every time I'm alone my anxiety and depression take over. I have resigned due to the bullying. I just couldn't cope with it this year. No job to go to. A disabled brother to care for. Money worries. I just feel like giving up. There really is no joy in waking up. Feel like a total failure and have no idea how I can get through this

Anxiety? Not sure what to do! Helloo everyone 😊 just joined and this is my first post. I’m currently at university and spend a lot of my time on placement within a hospital. I’ve been there for about a year and 3 months. During this time I’ve gone from absolutely loving what I do to panicking when it comes to putting a mask on and getting scrubbed! I have had some issues... mainly the person in charge of me tends to go out of their way to make things difficult for me. I tend to keep myself to myself regarding my personal life and this is apparently causing problems because this particular person thinks I should be more open (and gossip). The other students in my group don’t really bother with me much because of this particular person saying stuff about me. I had my end of year test which I had to prepare for all by myself as they offered me no help unlike the other students. Spoken to uni about it and basically got told to man up. I go all sweaty and dizzy and start to feel sickly. It’s awful. Recently this week I’ve been set ‘targets’ by this person... this includes me sitting with our group of students whilst in lecturers rather than sitting with my friends. I also have to meet with them for a teambuilding lunch on my day off each week. I’m going to speak to Uni tomorrow to see if there is anything I can do. I’ve tried asking for a change of placement and they refused saying it would be character building for me. I honestly feel so fed up. I get panicky just being on a bus or in a shop! I feel like I’m a shadow of my former self. I avoid situations where I know I will panic 😩 I don’t want to go to the doctor if I can help it as I’m hoping to go in the forces once I qualify. Any help would be greatly appreciated

With psychotic depression can a mood be so low it is like a psychosis? is suicide a major factor in psychosis? what I mean is when a person is suicidal relating to depression is that considered a psychotic episode??

Life is sometimes too much to bear....money worries, stress and depression make it even harder. But how do you cope when everything you do in life just seems so pointless? Never really feeling suicidal, but not really wanting to be here either? How to deal with feeling like you are living a lie, playing a game, acting a play, keeping up the charade that everything is fine and normal and finding very little joy in anything? Feeling disconnected and alone with your thoughts and everything seems surreal. A bystander watching life pass by, but not feeling it? Afraid to share these thoughts and feelings with family and loved ones for fear of showing weakness or even unraveling completely just by admitting it out loud? Welcome to my life.

To start this, I'll be blunt and say I'm not even sure that I'm posting in the right place. Regardless, I hope you all can help me. To some of you this may be offensive. How do I know? If I’m a bad person, that is. Am I? My mind says no, but my heart says yes. Emotionally, I’m a harsh human being of almost zealous callousness. I can’t understand why. Why do I feel like I NEED to be callous? It’s even more stupid because I am so desperate for love. I feel alone. Is it a cycle that feeds itself? Do I sink further and further? I can’t even tell anymore. Let me give some examples, to state exactly what kind of person I am… -Whenever I hear of a mass shooting or bombing (or otherwise terrorist action, killing spree, etc.) I think about how it could be done better. -My last real girlfriend (non-distant relationship) broke up with me because I was “too psychologically unstable”. Her reason for saying this was that I threatened a guy who was hitting on her. (I am a 280 pound behemoth of a person- I’ve been told I look like an NFL lineman.) I told him I’d put him in the hospital. -I get angry at the DUMBEST things. People going one mile below the speed limit, old people in Walmart, you get the point. Dumb stuff. I legit get angry. -This is an oddball one. I once saw a stinkbug drowning in a cup of water, and moved by emotion, freed it from its captivity so it could live. Yet when I see someone break a bone or twist an ankle, I won’t move to help them. In many ways I abhor them for wasting my time. -I rarely smile. When I do it’s a dumb “I can’t control my smile” kind of smile. I hate it. I’ve gained some not good weight (college is a bitch) and hate how my smile looks now. Regardless, my common face is noted to be angry. -I can’t let go of grudges. A guy I knew in 4th grade ran into me the other day. I was a pretty emotional kid in elementary school and middle school, and it was easy to make me cry. This guy- he stole my pencil in 4th grade. I didn’t care about it, it wasn’t special. I legit cried when he stole it though. He tried to act friendly with me. I told him I hated him and he’d be doing society a favor by dying. -I want to join the armed forces just for comradery. Better than being alone. I figure if I die, I might do the world a favor anyway. -I measure people as a resource, ranging from valuable metals to literally more expendable than dirt. I consider myself dirt, the status quo of humanity. Perfectly expendable and easily replaceable. -I’m an atheist by default, not by choice. I feel like I’m “too smart” to believe in God. I know the bible wasn’t officially made canon until roughly 325 or something like that, and the Jewish version of god can’t exist if he allowed his people to nearly be exterminated in the Holocaust, right? I know this is an insult to religious individuals, and I’m sorry. I wish I could choose to ignore reality and place my faith into something I can’t see, but I literally can’t do it. This is it’s own set of issues, leading me to have NO spiritual balance. -I’m stubborn BEYOND comparison. I have lost friends over the STUPIDEST things. Just because I can’t NOT argue with them if we differ in opinion. I constantly feel like I will lose my best friends because their opinions differ from mine. -I hate drugs. What a fucking waste. Why the HELL do people take drugs? Ever? Also I do mean ILLEGAL ones. Weed… sorta counts. To me it does. I have nearly lost a friend to weed, and he wasted a lot of potential he has. -I make small lies consistently until I believe them. This is weird, I know. Sometimes my past is too blurred with lies and reality for me to remember what ACTUALLY happened. Everything I am saying here is the truth, but know that I lie all the time in person. Usually it’s just to be funny or talk about my ridiculous friends, the few I have. -I am a virgin. I’m 20. I feel isolated for that alone. For someone who doesn’t believe in eternal damnation or heaven (not really, at least…) I have a surprisingly strict moral code. I just can’t have sex with people if I don’t feel like it will be eternal. This is also a factor in my only two actual relationships ending. -I’m awkward. I stutter all the time and get anxious easily. Working retail has helped a bit, but it still happens quite often. I hope this has done some work to help you understand what kind of person I am. Yet all I feel like is a coward, a liar, a monster, and a criminal. I haven’t even committed any crimes, I just feel like I will one day. I feel ugly and unloved, more than that unlovable. I want help, and going to counseling hasn’t helped me. Is it a lack of maturity? Maybe self-hatred created from nothing? I should mention now that I have always been loved by my parents, but I feel like a disappointment. My brother is great at everything, and I’m useless. They always tell me that’s all in my head, and it’s true. Yet I can’t help but feel I am just a great big disappointment. Additionally, I was VERY depressed for about 6 or 7 years, starting with the death of my cat (my first memories are of her, and I love animals). A year or so later a friend shot himself (ruled an accident, but I know better. His parents believe that God had greater things in mind for him. I hope they die, I hate them more than anything in this world.) and ultimately I felt no difference. He was my friend, not even a good one. A friend nonetheless. At 14, it seemed so unreal to most. My commentary was more like “this kind of thing happens.” Please. Help me. I fear that at this rate, I will become suicidal (again), homicidal, and worst of all… that I will never be able to get a lasting relationship. I feel so unloved. I don’t feel like I deserve it. So please, help me. I need advice, even opinions. Anything will do.

im currently dealing with a lot of mental illnesses and I dont know how much more of it I can bare. Im currently diagnosed with Schizophrenia, Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Psychosis, Paranoia, Aspergers and lastly Sensory Interegation Disorder. I know its alot and you probably dont believe me but its true and I want someone to actually listen to me and not push me away because thats what people do to me... I dont have friends because of my Aspergers, Schizophrenia and paranoia; my "friends" will literally walk away faster than me put their headphones in and walk away so they cant hear me. Or tell all 5 of us in the group to go to a teachers classroom and hang out but only say "lets all 4 of us go to this teacher " when he knows there are 5 in the group.. I cant even meet new people because I cant look at people in their eyes when I talk or talk on the phone with them cause im completly scared out of my mind that they are making fun of me and are trying to hurt me but they are not and I know that but the voices inside tell me they are. Ive been on so much medicine and been to so many therapist appointments and psychiatrist appoints, but still cant help believe these delusions. To this day everyday Im depressed and have so many anxiety attacks and so much depersonalization i get scared so I cant help but self harm parts of my body i dislike and self harm in visible places so maybe people will help instead of pushing me away. I feel numb inside to a point I wanna kill myself and have attempted twice and still dont have a tear to shed no matter how hard I try to cry. I cant even eat food anymore because I constantly have an image and thoughts in my head of someone throwing up or nasty stuff in general

I was hoping that those of you that have been dx'ed with psychotic depression at one point or another) could share a few answers with me (if possible). Here they are: At what age were you dx'ed with psychotic depression? Did the psychosis start at the exact time as the depressive state? (If not which started 1st)? Once the depressive state was resolved did the psychotic features remain? Was there ever a time that you felt well enough that your doctor allowed you to wean off of your meds? If so, how long did the weaning process take? Did you ever relaspe?

I just want to die peacefully: I know I'll have to tiptoe around due to forum guidelines. I just want to go. My future looks bleak. I live in poverty, I have food but I cant afford my favorite drink. Soda. I'll continue to live in poverty. My benefits case has been open over 2 years now. My attorney says it may be another 2 years, possibly longer. I did some research the other day about substances that could be harmful. I checked into what I thought to be the most dangerous substance I can get my hands on. I found a pro suicide website that had an alphabetized list of dangerous substances as well as the quantity necessary to cause harm. I found out that there's another substance that I have that's even more harmful and in smaller quantities. Oddly enough there's a fairly common MH substance that requires over a thousand to be harmful. How in the hell could someone get a hold of that much of a substance? Then I looked into another section that listed levels of pain caused be certain actions and the length of time those actions would take to achieve a certain result. I still don't know if it was morbid curiousity or intention that drew me in. Today I'm thinking that I'm glad that I have the information. I'm thinking of harming myself. I just want the pain to go away. Maybe I'll get lucky and after you die there's just nothing. Nothing forever and ever and ever. This thought comforts me. I don't like the idea of a frozen hell or a burning hell. I have this mental image of a hell where everything is as twisted as my mind. Demons feasting upon the weak. Murders, torment, and torture. I have an image of hell being much like the earth, but in a post apocalyptic world. A ruined earth. In this place its everyone for themselves because every resident is just as sick and demented as you are. I think if there is a hell that's where I would want to be. Have you ever seen the movie Constantine? When he goes to hell that's a lot like my vision of hell. There would be a lot of bold colors there. Lots of black, crimson, and rust tones. Lots of darkness and eyes peering at you from the sewers and from under rocks. The shadow people I'm sure would be there. No longer in hiding. I could finally be able to challenge them face to face. Even a burning hell would be better than the insanity I suffer in my brain. I just want it to stop. Forever.

I have been self harming since Wednesday night. I self harmed. I wanted to do feel it again Thursday morning so I self harmed again and yesterday and today. I think I am now addicted. How am I gona stop??! Obiously I am struggling so much that is why I am self harming

Feel empty: Yesterday I tried to take my own life and ended up in hospital for most of the day, wasnt sectioned though. I feel so numb now and don't know what to do

first post so a bit new to all this. I'm in a residual rehab at this moment for both drugs and help with Bi Polar II. iv been steady for a while now thanks to taking my meds prober. but I am getting the odd days off manic depression and find it very hard to express the way I am feeling or even identify what's going on. I write a lot and this helps, using images to try and describe what is going on. I feel if I was to just rant it would come out as a "I hate the world, they way we are organised and the human race" rant but want to understand the core off this hate. the closest I think I can get to it is I feel like all my insides have been sucked out and replaced with a thick fog. or like iv been plugged in to something that's taking control of my soul.... self harming brings me back into this world for a while and gives me a rush, to that I find very addicting. I had gone about 2 months without self harming but relapsed early last week . and have gone from a Huge dip to Manic . what is also worrying me is I am starting to have thoughts off self harm even in manic phases. I will share more of my story in other posts . don't really know what I'm asking tbh but even the act of writing this down has helped.

Parenting a teen help advice: My daughter (15) has been self harming and we only found out about 3 weeks ago so we are new to this journey. My daughter is now seeing a psychologist, which she hates doing. She still tells us that what she is doing is fine because it works and there is nothing wrong with it. As her parents, we are now scared to discipline her for anything for fear that it might make the situation worse. Or that she will withdraw from us even more. Does anyone have experience with this or any advice on discipline? She has started shifting the friends that she hangs out with at school. She seems drawn to the more rebellious group of children. We hate to see her get more involved in unhealthy behaviours but we feel powerless to prevent it.

Recently I've become even more suicidal than I had previously been and am seriously considering taking my own life. My friends know of this, the NHS knows of this and they're doing nothing to help. Anyway, if it were to result in a failed suicide attempt what would happen if the police were involved? Would you be sectioned immediately or taken in for questioning?

Parent Seeking Advice: I recently found out that my daughter has been self-harming. We had a long and really open discussion about it in a non-confrontational way and she even proffered her tools which I hadn't intended to take off her. She said she hadn't harmed for quite a long time before this incident which was brought about by her first excursion into the town near her school to meet with friends and resulted in her being beaten up by a girl in the year above her at school who had been drinking alcohol all afternoon. I took my daughter to the Doctor to try and get a referral to CAMHS and arranged with work to be able to work one day a week from home so i could be around more, and had her signed off school for the last week. I have asked her if she wants to go back to school and she has said no - so I plan to let her be home-schooled from September. My concern is that having removed her from the people I believed had been causing her distress/abuse/bullying etc I now find it hard to understand why the desire to self harm is still happening as this was her first incident in a while (unless she wasn't truthful about this being the first instance). I've suggested she join a discussion forum so that if she feels the need to self-harm she could seek the support of others to help her but she is not very receptive to this idea or to the list of suggested alternatives that I found on the internet as ideas from people who had self harmed in the past and what they found useful. Despite me being open and non judgmental with her she still finds it difficult to talk to me when she has self harmed but will discuss it with her sisters (which is something). Just would really like to know what I should be doing to help her and feeling somewhat helpless instead.

I need help resisting the urge to self harm: About a month ago someone leaked nude pictures of me without my consent. The pictures included my name, face, and personal info. I was threatened that the photos would be sent to friends and family by the poster. I have been harassed and tormented online. I cry myself to sleep every night and I self harm almost everyday. I have constant thoughts of suicide. I have anxiety and paranoia about the photos being reposted or sent to my parents. I google my name every thirty minutes. The sound of notifications startle me, I'm afraid that it is someone telling me they found my pictures. The anxiety has also affected everyday things. I will check if I brought my keys with me every hour that I am not home and I check that I placed my books inside my backpack 10-20 times before I leave my apartment. I need to stop because its making me ill. I don't know what I can do to stop the urges. I want to stop but I don't know how.

Is physical self-punishment bad? I've heard of people giving themselves rewards for being able to do things they have trouble doing, and I've also heard of people (adults) punishing themselves when they do something they believe is wrong, either by depriving themselves of a treat (dessert, TV, etc.), or, in rare cases, by physically hurting (but not necessarily harming) themselves. Is punishing yourself, particularly by causing yourself (harmless) pain, wrong or unhealthy? I know this may be subjective, but I just wanted to hear other people's thoughts on it.

Unable to stop doing things which can get you in trouble. Does anyone exhibit stalker behavior when a significant loved one, family member, or friend ceases to talk to you? The person exhibiting the behavior knows it is wrong and dangerous but they do it anyways. Partly because of the excitement it generates coupled with moments of seeing the individual are to great to pass up.

cant stop buying things: I have a problem where I buy things all the time, I posted this on the depression forum but my post did'nt appear. I buy mostly from charity shops and have far too many clothes and shoes, this is a big problem for me as we have had to take out a loan. I want to save and go on holiday next year but am worried I will whittle money away. Does anyone else relate to this?

Going out alone: I suffer from Social Anxiety and going out on my own is really difficult. I can go to certain familiar places on my own, at the time of day when I know it's not going to be busy, but if I need to go somewhere unfamiliar or even somewhere familiar but during a busy time I need someone with me. How can I overcome this fear? Has anyone here experienced the same problem and how did you overcome it?

Clothes question: I know people can have issues with things like elastic,labels, and tags on clothes. What about the material though ie cotton, polyester, silk etc ? The most I ever noticed it was a shirt I had to wear for football from time to time when at prep school. I have no idea what the material was other than it wasn't polyester and didn't feel like normal cotton. I used to really dislike that sports shirt. The material was itchy and horrible against my skin . I never used to hear the other boys complaining though , and guess they had no problem with it.

Anyone been misdiagnosed with Asperger Syndrome when they have borderline personality disorder or they been misdiagnosed with BPD when in fact they have got Aspergers/autism? Anyone actually got both conditions? I know both conditions share similar traits, such as emotional reactivity, interpersonal difficulties, impulsive issues, and problems with odd thinking.

Everyone patronises me! I have aspergers and ADHD, so it's sometimes hard for me to perform tasks other people might find easy, or even talk to other people. I also have dyscalculia, so math is incredibly hard for me to work out, which probably makes me seem dumb whenever I have to handle money or something. So yeah, I'm pretty slow in a lot of ways, but I like to think I'm still good at other things, and have a basic understanding of the world to the point that I don't need to be hand-held! Of course, all of my peers disagree, and insist on talking down to me whenever they see me, they explain things to me with that patronising, condescending voice usually reserved for an animal or a toddler, they laugh at me whenever I do something silly or clumsy, and then go 'aaw sorry, let me help you', and whenever someone says anything even remotely challenging or subtle to me, they'll be like 'hey lay off him, he doesn't understand!' Even when I achieve things, they're sometimes patronising about it. I remember once when I started dating someone, people acted with surprise, as if it was impossible that a guy with a mind like mine could ever attract someone, and then they'd either treat me with pity (thinking it wouldn't last), or refuse to believe I was really dating them. I've written a novel, and four feature-length screenplays, all of which have gotten good responses from professionals I've sent them to, but in the eyes of my peers, they're just my little hobby that won't go anywhere, and they're probably terrible anyway. I've always felt like an outsider, and this attitude really hasn't helped, I'd probably be much closer with people and have less trouble connecting with them if they'd just treat me like a damn adult.

I think I might have Autism, but I'm not sure. Can someone help me, please? I am watching a Susan Boyle interview and they're talking about how she found out that she has Asperger's Syndrome. And they talk about how she felt like she didn't fit in back in school and had emotional outbursts, and I just relate to a lot of the side effects. Obviously this doesn't mean that I have this, but I've just been wondering. I went through tests and they first said I had Schizophrenia. Then Schizoaffective Disorder. And a few times, they even said I was Bipolar. I don't know what's true and what's not. Susan Boyle also mentioned that growing up, people thought she had a learning disability. When it comes to math, I have a learning disability there. I don't know if this is a connection to Autism, so I'm not sure if I can list it as a symptom.

Empathy - do I have it? A friend of mine says I have no empathy for other people. But I'm sure that I do. I just don't have it for babies and children (which most people seem to go absolutely ga-ga for - I hate them) When I had a girlfriend I loved her with all my heart and I wanted her to be happy (still do). I don't feel much for my mother, and I hardly grieved when my dad died. But I cry at films, (when they are happy). I get really involved in books - I feel what the hero feels. I'm sure I have empahty - it manifests in different ways. But I can't explain what those ways are

Eye contact-such a tricky one: I don't like to make eye contact but make myself do so because it's expected when you are interacting with people. I am never sure how long is too long though, and whether I'm over compensating or not. After all there's not making eye contact vs outright staring at someone. Thoughts welcomed.

Really Pissed Off: I have had massive problems my whole life, as long as I can remember, have never fitted-in, never really understood why. But I'm starting to When I was nipper in primary school, I took some real shit. I was once massively embarrassed by a teacher, who put me before the class and smacked my arse. I hate her guts - and she's still a teacher, or was until recently. Why did she smack my arse, and humiliate me in class? I had a problem - a very noticeable one. I used to nod my head, fling my arms out, spit out, make grunting sounds, and whisper or shout out 'piss off fucking hell' very quickly, and over and over. I couldn't help this. It just came, and if I didn't, it felt like I would burst. My family went back to our GP again and again and a-fucking-gain. I was in my first year of primary school when my arse was smacked, so I was pretty young. I did get to finally see a child psychiatrist in my first year of secondary - I was 11. That's a long time to go through highly toxic, stigmatizing, destructive shite, that makes you a massive laughing stock, and target for bullies, both child and adult. What did the psychiatrist conclude, after just about six sessions in the child guidance clinic? That I was 'well-adjusted', and there was nothing to worry about. Wow. And guess what? The same psychiatrist I read about in the local paper some years later, was sent to prison for being a dirty pedophile, who abused kids in his inpatient facility. Another wow. I wasn't an inpatient. I was an outpatient. But does a man who has a sexual interest in young children, have their best interests at heart? Does he fuck. He was a proper sadistic twat, who I maintain got off on fucking kids up, by leaving them untreated and in the shit. I believe I was deliberately case-closed with what at the time, was clearly Tourettes. My life is in ruins in some, if not all, respects. I have never had a career or anything productive to do, I do not connect with people all that well, I have no reliable circle of friends, I have no satisfactory intimate relationship. I had my last girlfriend at 16, and it lasted a week. I have had a diagnosis of schizophrenia, and have recently been diagnosed with ASD. There are very suspect and highly questionable logs - both NHS and policing - attached to my address. I was first arrested in my 40's, and had no criminal or forensic history prior to that. I have NEVER been taken to court, despite trying in my own way, to secure some judicial and legal review of my situation. I wonder fucking why? Answers on a post card. Innit. LOL. You're supposed to receive a conviction notice or similar aren't you, when professionals in your care, are had up for serious offences. I have been ambushed too. I think the cowardly fucks in the NHS and the Police want to paint a bad a picture of me as they can, to cover their own dirty, sorry backsides.

How to control tics at some degree (from my personal experience). I am 18 now. I was diagnosed with Tourette's Syndrome approximately 2,5 years ago. I have noticed that changing place where you are located now (for example, going outdoor if tics started at home) can help a lot. I don`t have already that tics outdoor. They disappear. Certain tics are associated with certain enviroments, situations, people etc.

Tourettes & Tardive dyskinesia: I've read another thread about tardive dyskinesia and I'm concerned about this and wondered if anyone could give me any information on this condition and whether or not it may relate to what I have been through over the last 3-5 years. It may be completely unconnected.... My sons and my sister both had tics / ADD up until puberty. It was never determined whether Tourettes was the main or secondary diagnosis. I was not affected, but given the hereditary aspect, I am concerned that I may be at risk with dopamine antagonists and that this may have been the cause. I suffered extreme withdrawl problems (jaw clenching, parkinson type movements, extreme sweating and temperature control problems and autonomic nervous system failures) when I came off Escitalopram. I also suffered coronary muscle spasms during this period which the doctors couldn't explain. I was left with a slow and irregular heart beat.When I first took the drug I couldn't shut my eyes (literally) for 3 days and I felt "wired".... they reduced it to 5mg for two weeks and then kept me on it on a 10mg dose. All this was for very mild anxiety and depression. The "withdrawl" symptoms lasted for about 3 and a half years and 1 year in they gave me a pacemaker as it was clear that my heart muscle wasn't recovering. The symptoms waxed and waned during that period and 5 years later the other symptoms have petered out and pretty much gone, although I am left with a pacemaker. I was on the drug (on and off) for 7 years at a low dose and had no symptoms until I stopped taking it. I read in this information that Tourettes is a risk factor and that some SSRIs have been implicated as causing tardive dyskinesia. Does anyone know anything about this? Could I carry the gene for Tourettes if my sons have inherited it and my sister had it too? I didn't suffer myself. My doctor has referred me to a psych who seems intent on proving "health anxiety" or "personality disorder." Borderline PD is apparently characterised by intense emotions which are capable of inducing autonomic dysfunction, and the doctor's take seems to be that I had a heart problem anyway (!!!) (No family history, no risk factors, age 45 and no problems prior to taking the drug) and that BPD and intense health anxiety could cause me to have "imagined" that the autonomic problems were the fault of the drug. The psych seems to think I should go back on the drug....some kind of "exposure therapy".....He can forget it!! I also read a little about trauma causing this condition to develop/worsen. I was traumatised by being told I had suffered a heart attack (initially), and then by being told I would need heart surgery (pacemaker) and then being told that my autonomic nervous system wasn't working properly. It caused me to develop a deep depression and significant anxiety. Frankly I'm disgusted and insulted that they can dismiss this as "imagined" symptoms. They were very real and the pacemaker in my chest kind of proves that I didn't imagine that part! My mental health has fallen apart since and I'm struggling to be taken seriously as a result, because I'm angry and scared, and have become very negative. I'm really struggling with this. Can anyone shed any light? Does anyone know anything about Escitalopram and dopamine? I'd be really grateful for any information.

Hi, This is my first post here. I seem to replay conversations over and over in my head until i am literally sick with a headache and queasy stomach. My worry is with the person i have a conversation with. I am wondering if they meant something other than what i heard. For instance, i went to see my Pdoc today, and everything seemed to be going smoothly until conversation about my meds. I was very attentive to what he was saying, and i wasn't nervous acting, just very alert because i felt good. He asked if i was ok on the dosage of a certain medication, and i explained to him that i was. He also said i seem to be doing well, because i told him i was doing well. In which he stated " i guess we wont change any of your medications since you are doing fine". Now i just can't stop thinking why would he even say we wont change any of your medications. Was he considering it? I don't know!! Was he just making a statement, and i am just reading to much into it? I can't stop thinking about this, and its driving me nuts. Is this just a nonsensical obsession, or do i have legitimate concern about him considering changing my meds. Thanks for any replies.

Hello I’m new to this forum, anyways I have a few OCD problems (well I believe they are associated with OCD). Okay so, at work I have to update product and that requires re packing them and I struggle with this because when I do it I have to check and make sure nothing else got put in the boxes multiple times because I fear that something dangerous was placed in there by me or someone else and it freaks me out because I have a fear for hurting people, so I re check multiple times and still have the thought in my head and it scares me.  Another problem I have is checking to make sure nothing dangerous got thrown away when I throw trash away because of the same fear, also I check to make sure nothing falls out of my pockets when I pull my phone or keys out of them or make sure nothing “dangerous falls out of my truck when I get in or out and I check multiple times to make sure and all these thoughts linger in my head and idk if I’m actually acting out or it’s ocd. Like I said, I have a fear for getting in trouble and hurting people because I like to help people and I’m a nice person but I have these thoughts and it messes with me and I don’t know what to do. Any advice helps! Thank you!

My wife and I would really love some support and guidance right now related to how to talk with & support our 14 yro daughter, struggling with what sounds like (from our research) possoble harm OCD or something related. Background:  About 3 weeks ago our daughter had a disturbingly violent thought that terrified her and ended up escalating into more sticky harmful thoughts towards herself and others, and within 24 hrs we had to bring her to an emergency room as her anxiety had become so severe. Over the next couple weeks she struggled with it daily. Though she is extremely sensitive about talking about it, she reported to me that the thoughts were likely invasive for 3-4 hrs a day. This last week she said it’s been more like an hour or so a day. Our short term strategy, in addition to educating ourselves about possibilities, some counseling and giving supplements related to physiological issues that are likely making things worse, are to give her lots of love, space and distraction until she can get some more direct support...We’re living somewhere with very poor psyche support options and we’ve waited 2 weeks (today) to get an appointment with a psychiatrist. I’m sitting outside the door of her office now, waiting while my wife and daughter talk with the psychiatrist (our daughter almost refused to come today, crying & terrified that talking about things would re-traumatize her and make it all worse again.) so hard! We’re hoping today for a diagnosis (at least one western perspective) and a possible short term prescription in case her anxiety or depression becomes really unstable again. I’m not going to go into much of background here and now, except to say that most of her life she has primarily been an outgoing, capable, wonderful, sensitive, courageous, creative kid. However, yes, she has seemed to always have a fair amount of anxiety, particularly a fear of harm (“how do you know those wild carrots aren’t poisonous?”) or of doing something bad/wrong. She also recently went through a big change since getting her period last Nov, and had already had a low iron count/anemia as well as now an irregular often constant period. She is an HSP (highly sensitive person) and has synesthesia which mostly just makes her more creative, but can be overwhelming to her senses. My question; how on earth do we talk with and support somebody who is extremely sensitive in general, but particularly freaks out and shuts down around this subject. There seems to be so much fear of it being “permanent” (she’s mentioned that) or shame around the thoughts that she just can’t even talk about it. So how can we help her?

so as you know i have intrusive thoughts that range but there always the same topics that pop up now i had a good time i have gone a month without any of these thoughts but there coming back. Now today i had a date wih a guy and i didnt have any violent or bad thoughts instead i was thinking i must be an evil, awful, horrible and a bad person here i am with this great guy who seems happy and a couple of hours ago i had intrusive thoughts i just felt sad because he dosent know whats wrong with me not that i would tell but i feel like this about eveyone like im going through this and no one understands but then i think thast selfish of me other people are going through this i just cant see it. The second thing is the thoughts are there for a bit then the topic of the thoughts change is this normal. How do i know if these thoughts are actual OCD and not just who i am.

I suffer from anxiety, depression and ocd and heads up i am 19 weeks pregnant so it makes this a little more frightening for me. For the past week and a half i have been in unable to think about anything besides my breathing which is making it hard to feel like i can breath correctly. I have seen that this is possibly chronic hyperventilation. I have tried breathing training but that just makes me think about it more and puts me into a panic. i have never actually had a panic attack. I dont know which is better to focus on correct breathing or distraction? IT IS DRIVING ME INSANE. It is such a vicious cycle and i dont know how to stop it. I have had this happen to me in the past (years ago) for a few days but never this long and i dont remember it being this bad. I used to be able to distract myself but i cant seem to do that this time at all. literally no matter what i do im still thinking about my breathing. It could be that i cant take as much medication or the medication that i want right now due to being pregnant, i dont know. I try to look stuff up to make me feel better and not alone but then i come across people that say that they have had it for years and makes me even more scared. I'm not scared that i won't be able to breath, I'm scared i won't be able to stop thinking about it and continue have such unsatisfying breaths. It makes me so on edge. I did go to the ER to make sure nothing serious was going on because of being pregnant but i knew deep down it is because of my mind and nothing else. I was on paxil before getting pregnant which did wonders for me but i new paxil was not good to be on while pregnant and switched to 50mg of zoloft ( i knew from past experiences that i could not not be on something for me and my babies well being ). Is distraction the best way to get rid of thing? I need help and need to know if this will ever leave my mind and go away :/ Its the first thing that pops into my head when i wake up and sets me up for failure right away. How am suppose to just wake up and not think about it now that its so ingrained in my mind at this point?

I have a thought about a past event, and Im thinking about it 24/7. And Whenever I am not thinking about it, I feel bad, a bad feeling, of something incomplete, so I always return to think about this same thought... Its a loop. And the problem is, there is no conclusion for this thought. No resolution. I will always keep coming back and feeling unfinished with it

im worried sick my aunt has diarreah (can't spellim scared she is going to die do people always die from it? common sense tells me not but mummy had it before she died and died from severe dehydration and organ failure i had it a couple of weeks ago and i think she caught it from me idiot that i am please help im scared she is going to die xx

Hi everyone, This is my first ever post into a thread so, as always when you try a new method of anxiety management, I'm quite excited to see how this goes. Here's my story.... Eight months ago I got back with my ex boyfriend. The beginning was amazing, I had my doubts and insecurities and he literally did everything he could to show his love and commitment, flowers on my door step, love letters, concert tickets, surprises here and there...it was lovely. A few months ago he went out on a night out and i got a small worry in my head that he could have cheated on me on me (nothing at all happened to suggest this was true, it was simply a thought) from then on I have struggled massively to get that thought out my head which has turned into an overall fear that he may have cheated on me or done something to hurt me since we got back together. We've had numerous conversations about it (he's always very reassuring) and now I've developed a fear that he could be lying to me and blaming my mental health. I've now turned into a shadow of my former self. I'm on medication which I've just recently doubled, I'm getting therapy, paying for mental health books and apps. I'm going to the docs all the time because it's had a knock on effect and effected my health anxiety too. ive always had anxiety for as long as I can remember but this is the worst I've ever been, I've got myself in a horrible rut and pattern of negative thinking that I just can't seem to get out of. When I'm not in an "episode" I know fine well there's nothing to hurt me and actually look back in disbelief at the thoughts I had but when I'm in an episode it's terrible. i instantly go to my boyfriend for reassurance which at the start he was very patient and reassuring with but he's now beginning to lose patience. A trigger came out of nowhere last night to which I told him how I was feeling and he got extremely angry and started shouting at me for ages which made me worse. After a few hours I asked if we could have a calming reassuring chat to which he refused, this hen resulted in me feeling anxious all day Today as I didn't have the bring back to earth I needed. I've found that if he just brings me back to reality, reassures me in a soothing calming way we're able to enjoy a day or night with little disruption and a onversation only lasting a few minutes, but when he gets angry it can last for days. He's only human and I can see that he's getting fed up and is on the verge of leaving, he put some up with probably three to four conversations a week and often dreads coming home in case I'm anxious and ask a question. This results in me feeling very along and like I have to stay quiet and put on a brace face. we have had numerous text conversations about it and one thing I do when in an episode is spend hours And hours reading over texts to help myself but I know it just makes me worse. I'll be at work and disappear for fifteen minute chunks to read over my texts and perform my checks. I then feel worse and have to go to the toilet numerous times, feel sick, get palpitations and unable to concentrate. when I come out of an anxious episode I feel so determined to have the relationship we deserve and not slip into my fearful thoughts but they literally come out of nowhere. Hes actually over his mums tonight because last night was so bad so I'm in alone.  He says he's sick of being questioned and I need to believe him....I try and explain that my thoughts aren't rational and of course when I'm being me I do believe him but my anxiety takes over with my fears and I can't see past them, I feel in a bubble. ive started phone therapy but I am only on week one. i think my anxiety is from past relationships and my first relationship with my now partner. I desperately just want to have a normal relationship with normal worries. Without this one issue we have an amazing loving relationship and it's so sad because it s all just made up in my head and I'm not allowing us to enjoy each other. i was just wondering if anybody had been through anything similar and how they got through it? Im in that much of a rut and pattern of behaviour now that I'm struggling to see past it and to a future with this ridiculous fear. 

I had my first panic attack 2 months ago. Ever since then I stopped being social, I skipped college and just stayed at home until my doctor prescribed me meds. I took the meds for 20 days and I was doing fine, not too good though. After few days of post medication, the panic attack returned! I went back to my psychiatrist and he said there is no need for any more anxiety-related meds and gave me vitamin tablets. My problem is that I feel light-headed all the time and when I suddenly stand up from sitting position, my vision goes black (I don't faint though) for few seconds. This has happened to me before (from 4 years) anxiety disorder.  Any help?

Hi, so for quite along time I’ve been finding it really difficult when I’m in a place with a large amount of people. For ex, when at dinner with my partner I find it really difficult to keep my focus on just her. I’m never loooking at anyone in particular, I just feel nervous and I feel like I have to know who’s around me incase something awful happens. This is effecting my relationship as my partner thinks I am looking at other people in a way that I am bored of her or not attracted to her anymore. Which is completely untrue. - I want to know if anyone else struggles with this at all?

Ive suffered from panic attacks now for just over a year. I have in the last 3 days had a sudden onset of irrational panic. I constantly feel like im going to collapse and i have full body shaking a lot. I have been off my food because i feel like im just going to throw it back up. It would be nice to hear of anyone elses experiences and how they have managed to cope because currently i cannot sleep due to shaking so much. Its very frustrating.

So in brief, I had a bit of a nervous breakdown earlier this year that I was sectioned for a week and a half to be monitored. Was put on Olanzapine.. 15mg. Did the best I could to come back to reality and was released but still on the meds.Came off them after a few weeks cos i was like a zombie and falling asleep all the time. Since then, I kinda sinked into a depression evaluating my whole life and seeking for answers as to why exactly I seem to struggle where most people sail through without issue. Im very introverted and dont mix well with people. I work in healthcare and Im good at what I do. But lately I started wondering why people commit suicide and how they do it and made the grave mistake of looking up websites at work (while i was bored) to learn more. It got flagged by the IT team and today I had to go speak with occupational health and now will be referred back to the psychiatrists I was seeing. Scared to death I will be sectioned again. I dont feel i need the Olanzapine but maybe I need something for depression. So fed up of myself at this stage. Im 37, single, alone with no friends really... I keep thinking that when my parents go Im going to be completely alone and Im terrified.

Hi everyone, Just joined here looking for some support from people who've been there too. I'm 31 years old and have suffered from some form of anxiety/panic disorder for most of my life. It does have a tendency to manifest around this time of year (Sept-Dec) which I tend to attribute in a similar manner to Seasonal Affective Disorder, but lately I've been having a really really rough time of it.  The main focus of my anxiety is work. I'm a manager of a team of 7 in a bank, and lately it feels like everything that can go wrong, has gone wrong. I'm not good at compartmentalising, and I have a tendency towards overworking and shouldering the blame for my teams screw ups. I feel like at the moment I'm constantly being punched in the stomach by my job, all of my client issues are being escalated to senior management three or four levels up from me, my team is improving but the demands of the job are, it feels like, slowly killing me and I feel like I'm trying to keep this whole thing together with my bare hands, and I'm constantly failing. My manager and colleagues are trying to be supportive, and consistently ask me how they can help and what they can take off me to lighten my burden, but I don't even know how to answer or help them - I'm so locked in. Their compliments on my being good at my job fall on deaf ears, because I have a near constant fear of dread of being "found out" to be terrible at my job. I am not a natural manager. It's gotten to the stage where I know I'm missing out on key responsibilities because I feel like there's not enough time to do everything, and I'm not working anywhere NEAR efficiently which compounds the whole thing. I could almost cope if I could "fake" it and just work overtime, but it's gotten to the stage where I can't even see the wood for the trees, and every complaint that gets escalated about the team has me in tears - I've cried 6 times in the past month, every time about work, and usually cry once or twice a year at a push. I am constantly frustrated, angry, resentful at people who seem to be able to cope better than I do, and I'm so tired of being tired I don't even know how to tackle this. Taking time off of work feels like it would or should be a reasonable plan, but I know myself and know that I would spend that time angry and frustrated at my personal "failure". I know I am too hard on myself, but I am so struggling to shake this whole thing off and get past this feeling of panic in my chest. I wake up most nights at 2am panicking about something or other to do with work. I know that it will get better, that it will not last forever and I know that i need to speak to someone and just give myself a little room to breathe, but I'm really really struggling right now and I'm honestly I'm just looking for someone who has been there too, because right now it feels like there is just no way out of this. Sorry for the rant!

Greetings everyone, I am new to these forums and have been diagnosed with Avoidant Personality Disorder and I have general social anxiety but lately anxiety of life as well. I am 38 male and recently married, about 10 months ago. I try to keep physically active and for a while I was so happy with marriage and life, then I found myself swimming and feeling trapped.Trapped by my wife, my recently acquired mortage, the fact that I had to move towns, that I am far from my mom and dad. I just got scared. There was also a message from my ex girlfriend which took me a lot to get over of that said she wished she could get back with me and that I feel was the trigger.I am trying to now not think about it which makes me think of it more, and I get feelings where I dont enjoy any of the stuff I normally do, and I feel as though I cant stay put but I dont want to go places.  Any advice would be greatly appreciate

Hi guys. My first post here. Really would love to hear you guys stories If you're like me.  Basically, for many years now (I am 24) I have always had a sense of impending angst about me If something is coming up. It can range from anything like a job interview (which I feel is common and acceptable) to doing nice things like days out, holidays..being somewhat far from home.  I don't go out very much or very far. When I do, it's usually somewhere like the cinema or a day trip into London which is only 2-3 times a year (I live outer London, not central). Sometimes the night before an event I'll be tossing and turning feeling generally anxious.  To top it off, I suffer emetophobia (fear of vomiting). I have had this all my life. I really do not recall a bad experience as a child that even triggered it. All I know is I've always been scared of vomiting. Scarily enough, this January I went into London for the day and the next day I felt very nauseous and vomited 2-3 times. I believe I had picked up a stomach bug due to that time of year. Since January my anxiety has been through the roof.  Anyway, next Sunday is my birthday and on Saturday I am going to London to do general 'fun' things and in the evening see a show. We are then going to stay over in a hotel as my birthday is actually the Sunday. A weekend away basically. However, and I'm sure you can relate to this, I will not be calm and content until I am back home. It's such a sad reality because my friends are really looking forward to it, and I'm not. Yet it's my birthday treat essentially. I keep thinking the worst etc.  But this part right here is what is distressing me. The build up. It comes in waves. I am just so fed up and aggravated by it. I have tried to change my outlook and depending on my mood It can change. But ultimately ends up the same. Sorry for the long post!

Hey all, Just wondering what the best breathing techniques or coping ways there is for anxiety ? i suffer when being far away from home or out at night.

I booked an appointment with a solicitor on Tuesday as I felt I could not take anymore of my husband's paranoid delusions. He refuses help although functions at work and with our two young kids. It's the things he says to me that alarm me like people from his past trying to get his attention by damaging outside our house as he was a psychic when he was younger and predicted stuff for friends. Now these people are trying to show him they know what he is capable of. I just can't do it anymore and although I considered over the weekend cancelling the appointment and just living with this for the kids I can't do it. I need out. I can't help him. 

First post here, wanted somewhere to talk about what is going on. I am 28 years old, and a college lecturer. I used to have a real problem with depression and anxiety, and had did a pretty good job of beating it. The depression was more or less gone, and the anxiety was manageable. I had gone years without panic attacks, and before, these were triggered by certain events, and CBT helped greatly with this. However, at the start of this academic session, on my first class on the first day of term, I suffered a panic attack. I couldn't believe it. I managed to keep calm, I pretended something was wrong with my computer, and was able to ride it out, it only lasted a few minutes. I don't know what brought it on, and was concerned that this might become a repeat occurrence. My major thought was "Holy crap, where did that come from?".  A few months ago I had another one. I was talking to my class and all of a sudden I started to hyperventilate. I felt that panic coming on, and quickly directed my students to perform a task, taking their attention away from me, allowing my to compose myself. It passed, and everything went fine. Both times, I resisted the urge to leave the class. Today, I suffered another one, this was by far the worst one. People from some other institutions were in for an event, and I was leading a session. I was initially anxious about taking part, but felt I had overcame this. I was prepared, and looking forward to it. The students came in, and I spoke to them briefly (trying to build a connection before starting the session properly), directing them where to sit. I didn't realise so many other educators would be in the class, and this made me panic. I started going through roll call to make sure everyone was there, and the panic started to set in very badly, I just couldn't breathe. I took my time reading out names, to try and buy some time, but it wasn't working, and my hyper awareness of what was happening, that I couldn't breathe, and these other educators being in the room only made things worse.  I realised that I couldn't remain in the class, so excused myself. I felt trapped. I have asthma, which had been giving me some troubles, so I told the others that I think I am having an asthma attack, this got me out of the situation. I don't like doing something like that, but in this situation, there was nowhere to hide, or direct attention to in order to re compose myself and ride it out. I wasn't going to have time to deal with the panic attack without drawing attention to it, and I think because colleagues were in, I didn't want them to think that I was incapable of doing my job (a silly way to view things, I know, but I felt embarrassed more than anything).I have been doing this work for years, and it hasn't bothered me. I can get a little anxious when other staff are in, but this has always passed quickly, and never escalated into a panic attack. This is 3 panic attacks this session. I am not getting super worried that maybe I am developing a panic disorder (I am going to see my GP next week), and that this will realistically become a recurrent theme at work. I have noticed that my levels of anxiety have been rising, I have been finding it harder to speak in meetings. I am fine when it is just me and my students, but when other members of staff are present, I become noticeably anxious about speaking, this has been getting worse. The anxiety normally lifts once I have finished speaking, or just after I start. If I know that I need to speak, I perform breathing exercises. I tend to play with my ID badge, which I feel help distracts me from the feelings of anxiety. I am so annoyed and angry that this is happening. I worked hard to overcome my mental health problems in the past, and get to a place where I could do this kind of work and enjoy it. I am terrified that I might need to give up my work. I have also kept all of this a secret. I am also terrified and embarrassed of what others would think. I really don't want my managers etc to know about this, and I especially don't want my students to know. This not wanting them to know just makes the panic attacks worse, it raises the stakes. I know that I am not in any physical danger- I am in much worse danger- of being found out. I wonder, today, I hadn't had anything to eat, and I wonder if low blood sugars could have contributed. I also have been having sleep troubles, caused by a physical health problem that still hasn't been resolved, the result is that I haven't had a good night sleep in almost 5 years now, and I do feel that it is having a toll, it has been chipping away at me. I wonder if this is contributing to my increased anxiety and panic attacks, and reducing my resilience to anxiety and panic. I am now in a really anxious state. I can feel my heart rate is up. My stomach is turning. I am getting really afraid that my fear of having another one, and embarrassing myself, is going to boost the odds of it happening again. I've done the CBT, though that was for anxiety in a different domain. That time, I could pin the root of the anxiety down to something. This time, I am not so sure. When speaking in front of people, or having the prospect of having to do so, this is when the panic sets in. However I do this all day, and generally speaking, panic never happens. If I am familiar with the class, it almost never happens (with "my" classes, I don't feel anxiety, I feel confident). I don't know if my low self esteem means that when colleagues are present, I feel like I may be getting judged, that I am inferior to them, in a way that I don't with students. When faced with a new set of students, I don't know if the lack of a rapport impedes my confidence, and in turn makes my vulnerable to anxiety. My point is, I am worried about how effective CBT would be this time, and I also don't want to go on medication. I need to strive to keep my blood sugars up for starters, I will be more aware of this in future. The other times when it happened were before lunch. I am hoping that the major issue here is the lack of sleep. That hopefully can be fixed, though will take some time (I am waiting on a hospital referral to come through in order to get detailed tests done). Looking at things rationally, my two fears, I think, are losing face in front of colleagues, and losing face in front of students. The former, when asking the question "What is the worst that can happen?", makes me realise that this actually isn't that bad, whilst it may alter peoples opinions of me, they can't/won't really change their relationship with me due to discrimination laws. Students on the other hand, whilst I might not be giving them enough credit, I am worried that my ability to be respected and taken seriously could be damaged.  We will see what the doctor says. I just realised how long this post is. Apologies for the wall of text, I just really felt the need to get some things off my chest, and to put down my thoughts on paper. I don't know if anyone has been in a situation like this, where the panic/anxiety is at work, and you work in a field where "there is nowhere to hide". If anyone manages to read that wall of text, I welcome any feedback.

I'm 32. I've just finished university. Passed with a 1st. Since finishing... my life has done the same. I went from being able to go anywhere and do anything, to constantly fearing pain, anxiety, and panic attacks. I lock myself in my bedroom because there's no point in going outside, when I the thought of opening the door is enough for my chest to tighten, my palms to sweat, and my body to spasm in fear. I can't believe how I used to be able to do absolutely anything and everything. Now, I can't do a single thing. My best friend, my girlfriend too, keep telling me I'll get better. How? I don't even know if it's possible. Instead I'm stuck here, in the safety of darkness, too bitter of light to embrace it. A degree, now meaningless. My weight dropping. My appearance, disgusts me. All anyone has been able to offer me are pills which make me feel physically worse. Propanolol and Sertreline. But they don't stop the pain. The pain in my neck, back, arm, shoulders and chest. I've reached out as far as possible for help... but got nowhere.  All I keep getting told is whatever happens, I'll have to "attend" an appointment. I'll have to go out.  I'm sick of being alive. Quite frankly.

Hello everyone, I just wanted to share an experience I just had. I was sitting on my living room when my phone rang. It was a friend asking to go for a coffee. Suddenly, my heart start beating and my stomach got weird..like butterflies in my stomach (I hate this feeling!!! I really hate it!!!!), heart palpitations and a sudden fear. First I said no, but then I thought why to say no just for this feeling (anxiety and fear). So I went to the coffeehouse feeling anxious and fear. My stomach still felt the same. There, I think I had waves of anxiety..I mean sometimes I felt intense those feelings(they were at their peak) and after a while I felt relief (I love this feeling..When you have anxiety attack and you stay strong and don't leave the place where you are at, and then you feel like you can conquer the world!!!). And it continue like this for a while..some minutes felt "normal" and some minutes felt "weird". During the period I waited for my friend, I notice one main thought I did.. I was so afraid of fainting and this made my fears and anxiety even worse..and that thought didn't had any logic at all. I try to notice also the feelings.I felt weird to be honest. Very weird. Another thing I have notice about me, is that whenever I have anxiety or panic attack, my brain can come up with any excuse you could imagine, in case I feel awful and want immediately to leave. I do that every time I feel the anxiety coming.  When my friend came, I decided not to tell him anything about it and act like "normal" person. Also, I force myself to stay there until my friend told me to go. I read somewhere that you should never leave one place where you have anxiety or panic attack before the anxiety.  Now that I am home again, on my living room, relaxed, I can't stop thinking about the event. How the phone call triggered my brain to act like that. And how difficult it is to manage situations like this. My thoughts, while I was there, "screaming" to me to leave from time to time. For no reason. The desire to leave a crowded place is every time so strong. It was just so weird: I was on this situation while my friend was super relaxed and enjoying his coffee.  I would like also to ask if all the things that I felt was panic attack or it was just anxiety? Rarely, I can not tell unless it's an full blown panic attack.

Hi there, I am suffering with anxiety to the point where I can barely go anywhere anymore. Even walking the dog feels overwhelming at times as I am so scared I am going to have a panic attack or pass out or something (which to me would be the worst thing ever). Going to the supermarket or even to the post office fills me with dread and me and my partner hardly go anywhere anymore as I feel that I can't. He is so supportive but I am so worried that he will leave me and get fed up of me being this way. He is not someone who likes to be bored at the weekends but I am so anxious about going anywhere. I am at rock bottom right now and feel that I can't see this getting any better. I am 23 years old and live at home with my mum and her partner (I don't get along with him so the atmosphere is horrific at home), so I spend a lot of my time at my boyfriends house. My dad lives quite far away so it's not always easy to go and stay with him when I want to. I am currently not at work as it is the holidays so I have 6 weeks off. I am desperate for a new job as the anxiety at my current place is not good. But I feel as though if I got an interview I would not be able to attend incase I felt unwell or had a panic attack. I am at a loss with what to do anymore. I worry about every little thing, if I have a headache I convince myself it's something serious and I constantly feel like I need someone to be around incase I faint or something happens to me. I worry a lot about my physical health as well as my mental health. Next week my mum, dad and step mum, brother and boyfriends parents are all away on their holidays and I feel as though if I 'need' someone, they aren't there. My boyfriend will be at work most of the time and I will be at home worrying about how I feel. I often feel sick and I have a phobia of being sick so I work myself up so much and make it feel worse. I get scared of being ill in the night and have to sleep with a light on as it makes me feel less anxious.I feel so pathetic as I'm 23 but I worry if I will feel like this forever? At the minute doing normal things feels like such a struggle and I'm so scared I will lose my independence completely and be like this for the rest of my life - unable to go anywhere or do anything. I literally feel so upset and scared and just don't know what to do anymore. Has anyone felt anything similar or can offer any advice?

Hello, I am a new member, 50 yr old female and this is my first post. I apologize for the length. I started having panic attacks in February and they only happened at medical appointments. On June 29 I had one 40 miles from home in heavy road construction with my husband. I went into a pharmacy and the pharmacist told me to get benadryl to get me home. I could not stay alone for 3 weeks and would panic when it started getting dark. After a few days of it not passing, I emailed my doctor. She put me on Buspar 3 times a day. I aleady had Valium 5 mg on hand to take prior to medical appointments. So, I took valium as well for about 7 days. Am I on the right medication?One week ago I started being able to stay alone and mostly not bothered by it getting dark so I feel improvement but.... The BIG problem now is that I cannot leave my housing development in a car to go out on the main road or near a stoplight while driving or being driven. I had an appointment with a Psychiatrist this past Friday and could not make it as we got on the main road and I had a panic attack. In the past, when I would have an attack it would all be over with after the appointment. This took 3 weeks to calm down from but now have Agoraphobia?? Will this too pass?? I used to walk my dogs around the block in my neighborhood daily but can't go all the way around now as I feel too far from home...I took Ultram from November thru January and during tapering is when it started. Is the Ultram a possible cause or just ironic timing? I felt normal between the medical appointment attacks but now the attack in the car has resulted in this very long month of problems...Any opinions or suggestions would be greatly appreciated!

I have a group interview tomorrow. I feel so sick at the thought. I think I would be fab in the role, but I think I will flunk the interview so that sucks. I have been looking up possible interview questions but that has just freaked me out so bad. Also I read one of the questions they could get you to answer in front of the group is what you have been doing in the last 18 months. Well not much as i've been ill, but I obviously don't want to say that. I have a nearly 5 year gap since I was last doing anything (at uni) as ive been ill that long.

Hello. I just want to know there are people out there who would understand. My partner today publicly commented how I hated his friends and never made an effort to talk to them. I snapped at that immediately and I told him not to lie about me. His response was "well then prove it". It's true that I rarely make an effort to speak (via voice chat not in RL) to his friends, but also it's not as simple as a "lack of effort" as he puts it. How does it just slip from your mind that you've been living with someone with social anxiety for the past two years? Part of me wishes that I never met him because the way he treats this aspect of me is completely unfair. He does nothing to support me. And it makes me feel alone because nobody else understands how I struggle. Or that there even is a struggle. I question how his friends feel about me after he what he said. I don't want to feel like I'm alone.

Both my girlfriend and I are mentally ill. She has OCD and tells me that her OCD tries to sabotage our relationship. If she thinks there's a problem, her OCD will constantly pick at it and try to blow it out of proportion. For example, I accidentally turned left on a red light because I was lost and disorientated being in an unfamiliar area. No one got hurt, but she told me that it triggered her OCD and though she knew it was irrational, she felt like my mistake might be a sign of reckless driving and that it might somehow interfere with our relationship.

I have had anxiety 5 years now due to PTSD after i was attacked by my brother. I had a panic attack during a blood test about 2 years ago and that led to me fearing tests as I feared I had developed a phobia of blood or blood tests and I panicked I would faint as I knew you could have with blood phobia. Anyway I got ill shortly after and needed alot of blood tests. I would cry every test and work myself up but I did it anyway. Being ill with an underactive thyoid and cfs it led to isolation and with that agoraphobia and social anxiety hit hard. I'd had them back when I was attacked 5 years ago but I worked on them with therapy and things improved greatly. Being ill just flared it all back up the last 2 years. I had severe intrusive harm thoughts for 2 years back in 2013. They were awful and I was told I had ocd and had therapy. Which worked wonders. They were linked to harm and was told the trauma I experienced with my brother was the cause of them. Anyway, background over. Recently I have been weaning off my anti depressant. I have been on it 4 years. I was advised to wean off it slowly as Mirtazapine is hard to come off. I was only ever on 15mg but took it slow doing 0.5mg drops every 2 weeks. I got down to 12mg then 4 days into that dose I was watching Emmerdale and a scene came on with blood and I had a sudden head rush like my head went all heavy, I felt hot in my face, dizzy and I couldn't get the image out of my head. I panicked I was about to faint as my vision felt all funny. I lay on my bed sobbing terrified I had a blood phobia and hubby had to hug me until it was over. Since then I have lived in fear, I dread my period or my daughters. I cope fine with mine now after 3 months lol but I have had times when I have seen my daughters pad or underwear and come off all funny again. I shake, heart races and feel heavy and faint in head. This has all led to me being terrified I have developed a blood phobia that will cause me to faint. Which has now led to me having a reaction if I even see an ambulance drive past my house or see a needle on tv I suddenly feel funny. It's now spreading from blood to anything medical. I am anxious about doctors, can't open letters from the GP o hospital, can't even think anything of that nature and even typing this makes me feel all woozy in my head. It had just been on seeing the red stuff as I shall call it going on in this post lol. On Monday I read some celebrities had a baby and childbirth image came into my head, I had a sudden heavy head rush, felt faint and shaking. I took my BP and it was a little low which terrified me more. Later that day I had another one just talking to my daughter who wasn't feeling well and anything medical or red stuff and wham I get the heavy head rush, warm face and feel light headed. Why am I getting thoughts and images of this nature causing these anxiety feelings and fears I'm going to faint? Ever since I have been having intrusive images that cause a sudden severe physical reaction. last time I self harmed etc that type of image in my mind. I then have a rush to my head, i feel light headed, flushed face and it can turn into a type of attack. I get all of those symptoms in head and face, then I shake too and I can't sit still. I had a severe rush to my face and head on Thursday at a thought of this nature and wham I felt faint, I was rolling around on the floor shouting hubby to come fan my face as it felt all flushed and light headed. I was terrified. Now I live in fear I have a blood phobia and this week it's spread from just being if I see the red stuff on tv or in real life to now being anything medical at all on TV, talk or thoughts/images of anything of that nature. It's ricidlious. Hubby says I am just sensitized since I dropped my dose 2 months ago. I have since increased it slowly as I think I need to stay on them at least for now. I am just so scared it is a blood phobia and I could faint. I spoke to my friend and she said it sounds far more like a fainting phobia which I have had in the past, and I am very overly sentizied as DR Claire Weekes in her books would say and why my brain is latching onto this irrational fear, every thought causes the reaction i get etc... My friend said the blood phobia is needle injury related only, and that my brain is thinking it's any blood or medical related talk causes it, it doesn't. Can anyone else relate or reassure? My anxiety is through the roof due to this and it's making my life a misery. It has got worse since last week. I was attacked 5 years ago and I saw the man who did it, saw him in person and online and it flared up the PTSD. It was my brother. Also last week was the 5 year date of when it happened so I guess that's why it's got worse in the last week for me but this started out of the blue after dropping my meds. I have never had this kind of anxiety before. I have general anxiety disorder and sometimes health anxiety since I have been physically unwell the last 2 years but never sensitive to talking about ladies issues, medical things, etc... I feel my brain needs reassurance that I can't faint because of this and it's all anxiety but I have no idea how lol! I had an anxiety rush last night when my sons friends mum came to chat to me in the car when we picked our son up. The rush went to my head and I felt all dizzy, hot face and my legs flooded with adrenaline. Afterwards it worried me as that felt very different to the rushes and attacks I get if I get images of blood or cuts in my head or if I see it. That doesn't flood my legs at all, I just have a rush to my head, face goes warm, head feels all light and vision all faded and I panic I will pass out. My heart does race and I do shake but it's mostly all physically felt in my head. So it worried me more that because they're different types of attack, that they can't be anxiety and are more I'm about to faint and maybe I do have an actual blood phobia now. Which has made me more anxious. Today I'm super sensitive to what comes on tv, my brain keeps thinking of medical things, or images in head that cause a rush. I'm doing my best to control those rushes. It's a nightmare that now I'm so sensitive where as before it was just on seeing blood only but in the last week it's thoughts and intrusive images that cause those intense funny turns.. Does ocd cause those panic attacks? When I had harm ocd a few years ago I had rushes of anxiety but no panic attacks so I'm unsure if to treat this as ocd. I am doing compulsions as I am checking my blood pressure a lot to check it isn't low and the moment I feel a bit funny then I check my BP quickly. I cry daily, I feel overwhelmed and no idea who to ask for reassurance.  I'm avoiding certain tv programmes, avoiding seeing medical things and the red stuff lol. I'm taking my blood pressure often especially during an attack and trying to control my thoughts. Seeking reassurance too but right now I need it as this is scary and raw. I was doing really well until 2 months ago when all of this began, even my health issues had improved and now this curve ball has been thrown at me. I feel I never get a break, something else always flares up. It's been a nightmare for 5 years. I improve and then a new form of anxiety hits me hard. My friend and husband think my OCD has flared again but is this anything like OCD? If anyone can offer any reassurance it sounds ocd related I'd appreciate it. 

I'm so glad I found this forum because for years I have been fighting terrible intrusive thoughts but I just thought I was going mad. I think about hurting myself.. my kids .. my husband. I Think about suicide and other things like throwing a child from a building. I don't like walking over a bridge because I want to throw my phone in. It doesn't happen every day but when it happens it is very distressing. And the urges are getting stronger which scares me. I didn't think it could be ocd as I don't do checking or repetitive things that much. I'm waiting to see a health professional as I mentioned it to my doctor. What do ye think ?

i dont know if i have OCD or not but here i go So I'm 18 for the past year I have he a lot of intrusive thoughts to name some murder, death,suicide and so on the thought of murder is on my mind right now now I don't hate anyone i don't hate my family or anything like that but what if I start to and then into a bad person what if I'm becoming a psycophath ? I feel like I have no emotions. i have other thoughts and worries aswell not just this one theres like a list Im also scared of the internet becuase in my head i would get a horrible or wrong question then i dont know i would want to look it up but i know its wrong and could get me into trouble so i dont know if this is part of the OCD aswell or not.

So I've been like this for about 7 years and never sought help. Every time I get a girl i obsess. i worry that if they dont reply for a whole day they are doing something bad, I think what have i done? I think what could i have done to prevent this? Not only that, I obsess in an argument, a normal person would stay away when asked to leave them alone, I can't do that! I have to obsess and try and sort it out there and then which results in me sending 40+ messages sending 40+ phone calls and then i get blocked on everything and threaten everyone that im going to kill myself so that they will just talk to me. I dont want to be a bad person but it appears that i can be when im like this. Can someone help explain whats going on? im not a psychopath because i know its happening and want to stop it. I'm not in denial. 99% of the time i use all my money on everyone else and am a good, supportive and kind personal

Recently my OCD has returned, after having fears of cancer after finding two lumps in my throat I started to think what if I can't get over anxiety and I find it too much and end up committing suicide, and other thoughts like these, anyone know of ways to get over this. I have been tryintg to stop worrying and havent had a panic attack in over a month

I constantly deal with Intrusive thoughts of a sexual nature involving children. This time was different though, I saw a child, a young girl of about 10 to 12 years. Then the thoughts started up, however, they felt positive and I did not fight them like I usually do, they felt like attraction, they were positive thoughts. I'm scared for myself...

I'm depressed because I can't do anything due to OCD. I can't even think. Typing this takes a long time, because of intrusive thoughts. All my friends are busy, and my parents have their hands full looking after me. Getting through hours and hours of nothing to do, and intrusive thoughts running through my mind, it's just too much. I'm exhausted. So tired that I'm not even using exclamation marks. I'm too tired to even detail how I'm feeling now. I don't even know. I just can't take much more of this.

My whole life, I've liked guys and only guys. Never had any kind of feelings of attraction towards women. In fact, I'd have crushes on guys in real life, or fictional characters like in live action shows and movies and hell even video games like Final Fantasy characters like Cloud Strife or anime characters like Edward Elric from FMA. Even cartoon characters like the ninja turtles lmao. I never thought twice about it. I never had a problem with homosexuality either. To be honest I didn't know much about it until I was a teenager. I'll be honest, that I wasn't as progressive about it as I could be, but I was never discriminatory. I'm not sure what it is, but I think it was because I was flipping channels late on a Friday night and found a porn program and there were naked bodies everywhere. I've always been very shy. Stay at home, never date. I've always been too scared to talk to guys, mostly because whenever I had a crush on a guy, I'd know I was out of his league. I have huge self-esteem issues and was crushed once when I heard someone I like basically talking to one of his friends laughing about how ugly I was. Because I felt too self-conscious to approach the guys I like or try to date, I'd always find solace in my own fantasies. I'd make up my own boyfriends or insert myself into some tv show or book just so I can date whichever guy I liked out of those stories. It sounds pathetic, perhaps, but being able to fantasize like that made me feel wanted. It saved my life when I father died and I could actually imagine being loved and protected in that way - needless to say I've never really had a strong male presence in my life or male attention that made me feel desirable or worthy of protection. So if I couldn't get it in real life I could make it up in my mind. But when I watched that porn, for whatever reason for the first time I had a groinal response at seeing breasts, and I didn't understand why. It was weird because I HAVE watched porn before that and never had any issues. So why this time? What was new about this? It's not like it was the first time seeing something pornographic, not like it was the first time seeing naked female bodies. So why was I suddenly out of the blue getting a groinal response now? I was confused and scared and wondered - does this make me gay? Is it latent and I'm just realizing it now? So I freaked out about it. That was 10 years ago and for 1 year or a little more, I had these obsessive thoughts that I would try to bury.First, I'd be scared to even look at a girl. I'd have a groinal response looking at any girl regardless of the age and what they looked like - and imagine having a groinal response looking at a seven year old? It was out of control. I'd have these obsessive thoughts every time I see a female on TV - "could I be attracted to her? What if I was? What if I end up like that?" And I'd feel so much anxiety that eventually, I'd have to actually go through imagining it. Sometimes I would try to imagine dating a female, but most of the time I'd hold my breath, count to ten, and try to imagine having sex with a woman. In my own mind, I wouldn't be able to connect with the woman or do anything else other than just try to have some kind of sexual contact. It's like my mind wouldn't allow me to actually fully imagine it. Physically, I would be twisting around trying to get as far away from the image in my mind as possible. I would scrunch my face up and grimace, hold my breath to the point where I'm almost passing out. If I do it in front of my family, they think I'm having a stroke. Usually when I would imagine being with a guy, they'd make fun of me asking why I'm smiling to myself. Now they're wondering if I'm having a seizure. And it's not as if I'm doing it on purpose. It's completely involuntary physical responses that I can't control as I'm thinking about these scenarios. I wouldn't be able to stop until I could reassure myself that it's not what I want. But weirdly, even though writing this all out makes it clear to me more so than ever that it's clearly not what I want, while I'm in the throws of these unwanted, obsessive thoughts, I wouldn't be able to get away from that thought: "what if I was? What if I could?" And imagining sexual contact, though eventually I would have a reassurance that it's not what I want, would only make things worse because I've imagined it. I know it's called thought-action fusion: where you feel like a thought is the same thing as reality. That can't be more true with me. The intrusive thoughts cause me to have to relieve it by imagining sexual contact no matter how painful the imagining is (not just psychologically but phsyically - in tensing and grimacing and having this weird flight-or-fight response upon thinking, I'd have a huge headache afterwards, my neck and back and chest would hurt too and I'm scared I really will give myself a stroke one day but I can't stop). After going through all that, it only makes me feel like I've actually done it, which ramps up my anxiety quickly after whatever temporary reassurance I give myself. So then after building up that anxiety I have to do it again. It's a vicious cycle. Thing is, what happened ten years ago eventually stopped. I don't know how it stopped because it was so bad at one point, but it stopped. I think because my dad died and so many changes were happening in my life that I just didn't have time to worry about it anymore. And things went back to normal. Until it came back late last year. Same trigger, and the response was worse than before. Thing is, I've been having intrusive, unwanted thoughts every day since then even as I am crushing on guys, I'm having these thoughts. I will try to look up pornographic images of women and see if I actually like it. Sometimes I have a groinal response, which doesn't much matter since I'm having groinal responses even when I look at children, which is painful as hell. But I'll be staring at these hardcore pornographic images of women just kind of cocking my head to the side and frowning thinking, "do I want this? Could I want this?" I'll be just staring trying to parse it out and wondering and wondering for like ten minutes just kind of dully staring, feeling nothing in particular except asking myself that question over and over again. No pleasure, no happiness, no relief. Just a cloud of confusion. And then once I turn the images off and go about my day, the intrusive thoughts come back and the anxiety builds.The most painful thing is that I'm now questioning whether I like guys, whether I EVER liked guys. I'm re-writing history to suit the narrative this OCD is trying to create. Even as I'm finding new cute guys to be attracted to I'm constantly asking myself: "but do I like this? What if I didn't?" And I'm freaking out. It's like on one hand I'm saying "he's hot omg" and then the other "wait, what if I don't want this?" Then I have to try to imagine myself with a woman for reassurance and the same cycle repeats. There is no relief. I need reassurance and help. I need to know that there is a light at the end of the tunnel.I think there are two things that really hurt the most about this whole thing. 1) I have always been cripplingly shy with low selfesteem so I've never had any sexual experience before. I've never had a boyfriend. But I've still always wanted to get married and have kids. But with this happening I feel like ... now I'll never get what I've always wanted. And the one place I could alway retreat into for solace and fantasy - my mind - has betrayed me. I have nowhere to turn to anymore. 2) I love writing fantasy stories in part because of the wonderful fantasies I had when I was a kid. I LOVE creating the romantic storylines between my protagonists and the heroes. But now that this is happening I've lost all will to write. I feel empty and hollow. What do I do? I'm scared to seek therapy because I don't want a therapist to just tell me I'm gay or something. And it's not like I don't like gay people, far from it. But that's just NOT who I am. My identity, my dreams for the future, my fantasies, my pleasures, my joy, my happiness has always had my sexual identity as a crucial component. Without that I am falling apart and I do now want to force myself to like something I just don't like. I've tried to think about doing it, I really have, thought about it from every angle, given it it's just due. Watched f/f porn, watched storylines on TV, really thought about what it could be like, and I've come to the conclusion that it's just not for me, but these intrusive thoughts won't stop. What's worse is that I get it even while just looking at myself in the mirror. Looking at my OWN lips or chest, I get a groinal response. It's just out of control. And now I can't even look at myself in the mirror and I'm letting myself go weight wise whereas before I took pride in my appearance. My life is falling apart. Please help me. What can I do? Is there anything I can do on my own without therapy? Vitamins, complexes, pills, anything I can take? Any exercises I can do? And do you really think that therapy might help?

Hello, I'm a 28 year old female and recently I'm having a hard time with my OCD. It currently manifests in 2 forms. The one that is affecting me most right now is called 'sensorimotor OCD', which is a preoccupation with physical sensations. Mine is mostly centred on an obsessive awareness of the saliva in my mouth. I get very anxious about being aware of this and cannot socialise, connect with people and be present. I'm finding it very hard to socialise and this is very hard for me because I consider myself a 'social butterfly'- I love people, I love interacting and I'm very friendly, charismatic and funny. I feel like because of this experience with OCD I cannot relax and therefore I am struggling to be myself when around others. I'm wondering if anyone here relates to OCD affecting socialising like this. I feel like I'd rather be alone most of the time because of this and am feeling isolated by it.  I work on being with the sensation of the saliva or whatever other physical experience I am fixated one. I work on staying with it but remaining present but I just can't seem to move past the anxiety.  I usually do yoga, meditate, eat well and sleep early and these things are important for me. I've recently slacked off with all of this and haven't been looking after myself which is most likely why I've had a recent dip in mood and why I'm finding the OCD more overwhelming.  Another form of OCD that I am experiencing is not knowing if a thought is my desire or compulsive. For example, I'll be sitting in bed and feel a bit warm and want to take my jumper off but I won't know if that's because I really want to do that or if it is a thought that is coming from a hyperawareness of how I feel. If I want to get up and make tea sometimes I find myself stuck because something in me questions if I really want to do that and then it feels like I'm stuck between action and inaction. I've been working on this and working on flicking off the doubting thoughts about whether or not something is 'me'/'my' desire and the difficulty with this form of OCD fluctuates. Recently I've started back on Zoloft (Sertraline). I was on it around 2 years ago. I've been on it now for 3.5 weeks and I'm not feeling much. I may be feeling a slight haze but don't know if that's the medication. Maybe it's because I'm not doing my usual exercise and haven't been taking care of myself as I need to but I'm not really experiencing much of a shift from the medication. When I went back on it I experienced an immediate up after 3/4 days where my mood was up and my anxiety was lower and I was quite amazed and then it went back to usual. I'm wondering if this is showing me some of what the medication will do for me and I suppose I should stick it out and see how it goes. Just sharing this all because I'm wondering who here can relate to these experiences with OCD. It has been a little lonely lately and I know that ultimately my path out is through health and meditation but I'm not there yet and I am struggling and I am tired and just feel like hiding away and doing very little most of the time at the moment.

The urge I have is to jump and run around my room. Example: I'm sitting at my chair, surfing the Internet, watching videos, hearing music, making homework, so on, and then... POOF I need, freaking need to get up and start jumping and running around my room and then I sit back.  This have brought me a lot of troubles with my parents, because I make a lot of noise and/or don't let them sleep or take naps. Whenever I told them I really, really, really feel the need to get up my chair, jump and run around the room, and the "feel" doesn't go away until I do so, both of them either 1) laugh it off, 2) tell me to "just deal with it", 3) flat out call it "bullshit", 4) get more upset. Just 5 minutes ago, my dad yelled at me that he's going to hit me with the belt and take my laptop away if I dare to jump again, that he's sick with my "attitudes" (he has come to think I do it on purpose just to annoy them). They refuse to believe I feel the need to jump and run just because "it doesn't happen to them".  Like a month ago, I tried to search for a different approach; a quiet one. I found out I can calm the urge down by lowering my head and start quietly staring to the floor, while I keep thinking stuff. I was doing just that and my dad came in to see why I was so quiet and saw me. Turns out he doesn't like it either and told my mom and now she doesn't like it either... It doesn't matter how many times I tell them that if I don't do either approach, I'll have trouble sleeping, because jumping and running or thinking a lot about stuff tires me and if I don't do... well, no sleep for me. So 1) if I take the "jump and run around" approach they yelled at me for being too loud and 2) if I take the "quietly stare to the floor while thinking" approach (at least that way I don't bother them) they yell at me for looking like a "weirdo". Last time I do it to calm myself, all I got was to see both my parents throwing a bitch fit about me looking "weird" or "like one of those autistic people" and "not right in the head", that I was "scaring" them ("scary as in a sociopath kinda scary", they said WTF? I'm the girl who cried like a baby from watching a really sad documentary film, but it turns out I'm a "weird and creepy" now for daring to stare to a stupid floor).  For obvious reasons, I can't do the "jump and run" thing because I know it's loud, but if try to calm the urge by using A QUIET WAY, they start to freaking out about me being "creepy" and stuff.

My Ocd is killing me for 5 days already!!! Because I can't stop thinking about a time when I was young, like 15 or 16yo, and I steal a book in a magazine shop. I think i did it because it was very easy to steal, and I didnt wanted to pay like $15 for that book.. so i did it. Today I dont know why I did it. But i keep thinking and Obssessing about this 24/7 It's like an eternal loop, and I can't stop!!!!  I would not steal anything today anymore (i hope not, im not a thief) but I did it that day, and that is killing me. Can someone please help me with some words? I need some relief, i'm going crazy with this loop

Has anybody used a checklist to prove to themselves that things really have been done so they don't have to check them anymore? Will it help my anxiety?

Ok guys hear me out on this I'd really appreciate it. This is kind of an OCD thing. I had recently made it just over two weeks, 15 days without drug or alcohol use and smoking. I took a sub this afternoon and another one a few hours later. I felt so crappy I realized I never wanted to do it again but I still feel like I've lost my 15 days. Everyone says I have so I'm wondering what the hell is the point. I might as well go buy a bottle and get shit-faced tonight and make it all the worth it but at the same time do I really have to count this as a total loss? I want to continue in my sobriety. After being clean for a few weeks I realize how much better I truly feel without the drugs then with. Comparing true joy to drug induced euphoria is like comparing midday sunlight to a dim moonlight on a pitch black night, huge difference. Before I quit doing these things I couldn't tell because I'd been in the 'dark' for so long that my eyes were well adjusted. How can I escape this? I took a sub because I thought it'd help with my anxiety and anger and it did for awhile now its worn off. I haven't lost my quit to smoking at least and that was the only drug I did was the sub. I still feel like I'm technically clean, also given that subs are for people who are getting off opiates.

Hi everyone, I'm a first time poster. Please read my story. I'm just really really confused and scared whether I have ocd or not...and I would really like as much comments as to what Is it that i could have please...please read i know it's a long one but please iam really suffering and I would appreciate even 1 sentence responses...PLEASE I KNOW IT'S LONG BUT IT'S KILLING ME.. Ok...a couple of months ago I know for sure that I have OCD (self diagnosed) because it was really severe and it really effected my life. My OCD is to do with religion. So basically before, I would get blasphemous thoughts that were really disturbing and they would affect my prayer, my meditation, my college..practically everything and everytime these thoughts appeared, I would spend ages trying to solve my problem and finding proofs as to why I don't believe in the thoughts and I would write them down and I would think them to myself throughout the whole day...and most times I would be doing this for ages and they won't SINK in and I resort to crying...I just lie down and cry and Wish that my life was over because of these DISGUSTING thoughts...everytime Iam around religious symbols or I see them..I have this sudden reaction in my head and I automatically start thinking about why I don't believe these thoughts or why iam NOT what my ocd is telling me..i have the word Satan when ever i do anything remotely related to my faith especially me prayers LIKE EVERYTIME...it creeps in and i can feel the thought there, its presence always in my head....thoughts like Satan could be God, imagine satan being God(I feel sick writing this one..I wish I didn't ugh) u might worship Satan or u might become a satanist or might be one secretly or might secretly secretly want to be one ...or just the word Satan popping up WHENEVER i wanna do something related to my faith....as usual I cry afterwards coz I don't get enough certainty and am still ruminating..so I end up not leaving the house and not watching tv or anything that could trigger these thoughts...of course they get worse coz when I do end up going outside it the anxiety comes back triple the strength... Like I was physically and mentally exhausted from the anxiety and the thoughts...During this phase I didn't know what I had so I researched and was 1000000% sure I have OCD..and I 1000% sure that it WASN'T ME....so I went to see a psychiatrist and he did like a brief examination and asked me about the intrusive thoughts and my reactions to them and he's like "yep, u have OCD" so he put me on 20 mg of Prozac. He increased my dose after some time. I had stopped seeing that psychiatrist coz i moved and have one appointment in a couple of months time with a new one..Buuuuut, the thing is that now the intensity of the anxiety is way less and I don't do much avoidance or as much crying and I don't constantly engage in my thoughts but I still do sometimes and I think it's the medication (hopefully)... But now I'm in a state of massive confusion because I feel like since the intensity of the anxiety has decreased and am not doing as much avoidance...I'm actually thinking to myself u might actually want to be a satanist deep down and am just in denial..or iam a hypocrite coz I'm just pretending to be religious on the outside but deep down, even though it scares me, that iam a satanist or i want to worship him FOR NO LOGICAL REASON...like I might just be using OCD as an excuse for my true wants! maybe I secretly desire it...deep deep down....and am thinking like "what if I lose my religion and end up being a satanist, what if I'm getting closer to become a satanist...like I actually think that one day I will straight up want to be a satanist and I'd just follow these thoughts even though they will COMPLETELY destroy me. I'm actually doubting my OCD and it scares the crap out of me because I DON'T know what iam anymore??. Do I have OCD or am i just in denial about being a secret satanist or wanting to be one???Iam so confused...y had the anxiety decreased and why am I not responding to my thoughts when I get them...I feel like sometimes iam actually triggering these thoughts on purpose or purposely doing nothing as response to the thoughts coz If I don't respond it means iam starting to accept them and am starting to like it........I know u are not meant to respond to them and I know u have to put urself in situations where u have to trigger your thoughts and u have to learn how not to respond to them but I'm scared that am slowly becoming a satanist or accepting it secretly and I feel SICK...and since I'm not with my psychiatrist anymore I decided to do some exposure therapy myself and exposure myself to pure satanic situation but when I do that I feel like "what if I end up accepting them and believe them completely and i leave my religion" And when I'm around stuff related to my religion I keep questioning myself EVERY SINGLE TIME " are u truly a religious person? U wouldn't have these thoughts if u truly believed...maybe I'm pretending? Do you truly believe? And I feel guilty and I feel like I lost my religion or don't truly believe..I don't know....it's really scaring me.......I'm like super aware of what I do with my religion and I start questioning myself if its genuine or not? And I feel like iam preparing myself and dreading the day I actually accept of become a satanist...like I can FEEL its drawing closer even though I would have to be straight up nuts to accept it despite all my logical reasoning.....especially with the exposure therapy I do by myself I feel like ur preparing your self for the day I actually do accept it....I want to do the exposure therapy but I CAN'T because if these thoughts...I REALLY DON'T KNOW...I FEEL LIKE SCREAMING and CRYING because I'm screwed either way...coz i feel like i dont have OCD and this is my secret intentions OR if i do have OCD then I won't be able to face my fears coz of these thoughts when I do the ERP like it would result in me actually wanting it....So so CONFUSED I feel like I lost my self.. Please tell me what's wrong with me and if this is normal for OCD or if its really me deep down.....and if it is still OCD (which I doubt), how should i tackle my exposure therapy by myself...please I would appreciate anyone's input. I've been googling like mad to make sure it's OCD but iam still NOT convinced and iam soooo scared of what would happen to me later on.. Have I lost the initial severe OCD that I had and started wanting this? Is this even OCD anymore? What should I do?

Hey everyone. I'm Amber. I was just recently diagnosed with OCD. I guess I have been dealing with it for a long time, but I never realized exactly what I was doing and how it was affecting me. My psychiatrist thinks it all started when I was 16 years old and my house burned down. I went through PTSD and was hospitalized for a while. I saw a lot of counselors for a few years after that to deal with everything. I think this is when the OCD was triggered. I started checking things over and over, feeling very anxious all the time and having intrusive thoughts, mostly of house fires and family dying in house fires. Now, at almost 29 years old, I feel like its about 100 times worse than it has ever been. My anxiety is at an all time high. I have anxiety attacks that cause me to have asthma attacks and throw up. I had one once in the middle of surgery (I assist in open heart surgery). Not exactly an ideal place for an anxiety attack. I have intrusive thoughts constantly of my 2 children (Jack, age 8, Carly, age 7) getting hurt. For example, when we are in the car, I have intrusive thoughts of them opening the door and falling out and getting ran over. It causes me to push the lock button constantly when we are driving. Others are intrusive thoughts of them drowning, or our house burning down and me not being able to get to them. I am terrified of storms, and when a storm is headed to the area, I call my ex husband to make sure he is aware if he has the kids. I'm constantly calling him when he has the kids to make sure everything is okay. Thankfully, we are on great terms, and he knows how I am and can usually make me feel calmer about everything when the kids are with him. I just hate that these thoughts are literally constant and haunt me in my dreams.  Another issue I have is that I write words in the air with my finger. I don't know if this is totally weird or if anyone else does this. But i find myself constantly writing the words that I am saying or words that others are saying in the air, very subtly, so its not noticeable to others who aren't around me all the time. Its something Ive done for years, but have felt too embarrassed to admit to a doctor because I feel like I'm a freak for it. I have come to realize that everything I do is controlled by my OCD. From the second I wake up, to the second I go to bed, I am controlled by routines and things I feel like I HAVE to do. And this is making me feel so trapped. No one really understands what I'm dealing with.  I've finally started seeing a counselor again. I've only seen her twice but I'm hopeful she can help me. I also started seeing a psychiatrist who has put me on .5 mg of clonipin, and 150 mg of effexor. I feel better in the beginning of the day, but in the evening my anxiety is terrible. Anyway. I just wanted to give you all a backstory and kind of introduce myself. I'm hoping to find other people who understand what I'm going through.

As of about a month ago I started to have compulsive thoughts about hurting people. Just random intrusive thoughts about stabbing, strangling, hurting, etc. I'm 18 and have not had problems with this until now. I have always been an extemely empathetic kid, so obviously these thoughts disturbed me. They basically crippled me for a while and I was scared to go near people because I felt like I was going to lose control. Finding out about Harm OCD on the web gave me immense relief and hope. To that point I was staying up all night researching physcopathy, and to just hear that there were other people going through this made me feel safer. But that didn't make the thoughts go away. The worst part is questioning rather than the impulses and images them selves. I question, if I truly still have empathy, if I secretly want to be a serial killer, or if this is all because of some locked up anger. Anyways I am seeing therapist for depression and anxiety, but am not really sure how to bring up these knew thoughts to him. Any advice or hopefull words would be much appreciated. Thanks

Hi, I've had this type of problem that started probably before puberty. I have these unwanted disturbing thoughts of strangling or stabbing my pets and little cousin who is like 3 years old. The most common one is in my head I think "it's so easy to just snap your neck" and I picture myself just snapping their necks. It is incredibly disturbing and horrible only recently I found out it could be linked to OCD. I love animals and my little cousin so so much and I honestly can't even believe that these thoughts would even cross my mind. The only thing is it doesn't really control my life to a severe degree it only scares me that I have these impulses so I'm not sure if it's OCD.

I have been dealing with hocd for the past 3 months and it has developed into ROCD and now I have both and I feel so hopeless, desperate, depressed and even at times suicidal. My ocd is driving me insane and I have read self help books that did help relatively and I have told my bf about this problem and he is very helpful and understanding but I still don't know how to deal with these intrusive thoughts. At first I thought I was actually turning gay which caused me severe anxiety and I couldn't fathom the thought of that and now my ocd is torrturing me by making me think I'm in denial and I don't know what else to do. I'm so upset and before my ocd kicked in I was so in love with my bf and genuinely happy and now all of the sudden I feel so lost, like there's no hope, and that I don't love him anymore and that im not happy with him or that he's not the one for me. I don't know if this is my ocd or if that's how I truly feel even though we have the most amazing relationship. My ocd is making me think that I shouldn't be with him that I'm gay and that I have to do something about this problem and if I don't it won't let me be. Please help anyone who has experienced similar situation. I am so confused I don't know if it is even ocd or that these things happen to people where one day they turn gay and stop loving their partner that they truly did before and now doubting everything about myself and the relationship. I have never been with a woman and the thought never appealed to me and I was never attracted to women sexually. I have always been so certain of my sexuality and never questioned it so the fact that this is happening to me right now I dont even know how to deal wit it.

I just need to let this all out. My first post was regarding my OCD when I first joined in here. My OCD is seriously creeping me out now, and as in my previous post I had said, since I can't be seeing a psychologist, I need to somehow overcome my OCD on my own, I'm so sorry, but this honestly sounds so crazy. It's like I'm having voices in my head telling me to do things in a certain way, also and odd number of times, and to avoid certain colours, as if I don't, then something bad will happen to me or my loved ones. For instance, I tend to avoid colour pink, ad oink ribbons represent cancer! I don't know what to do, it takes me like hours to be completing tasks, I don't want any harm happening to me or my parents or my boyfriend. I love them so much, and I'm living everyday in fear, doing certain things a certain way, in order to avoid bad things from happening. Currently experiencing very obsessive thoughts about something that happened about 5 years ago when I was in school. Something ridiculously petty - I tried on my friends trousers and ended up ripping them while playing football. He then told me he wanted some money for them but I refused. Then I get a phone call & I'm told that 4 boys (of whom I was friends with) had gone to my house where only my mum was and told her I owed him money. Nothing malicious or intimidating apparently but I'm incredibly protective over my mum.  I find out this happened so I quickly went and met these boys. I was told by one of them that if I don't have the money tomorrow then I'm getting 'f'ed up.' Of course as it was like 4v1, I felt intimidated and worried.  The next day at school, everything was pretty much sorted out. We all laughed off what had happened and that was that. Fast forward 5 years and I'm good friends with all of these guys, even the guy that said he was gonna 'F me up.' Despite this being the case, these very anxious thoughts have come back to me, my confidence feels like it has been shot down again because I was made to feel so small when this happened. Like I say, I'm good friends with all of these guys and it was forgotten about by all of us until I remembered it and stupidly brought it up on a night out. I was apologised to, we laughed about it and then proceeded getting drunk and having a good night. But these anxious thoughts still stuck with me all night and they're back again now. I lost my Nan in April so feel as if this might have something to do with why I'm having these thoughts so long after this incident happened with these boys. I feel as if my mind is avoiding what happened to my Nan, and is instead self destructing and making me feel low by thinking about that instead. I've had similar anxious thoughts before this recently as well, not accepting the past for what it is & I was only able to accept other incidents by speaking to the people it happened with and apologising. I've done the same with the incident that's on my mind now but I still continue to dwell & feel low for it.

I want to fight with my dad but I'm afraid of him hitting me. becuse he thinks that hitting your kid will stop him from doing what he is doing and to be honist i hate my dad. maby thats why i hear voices in my head. but i all so love him to i don't want to to tell him to f#ck off i wish i could sometimes tho. but with the voices there getting to the point were i just want to put attempt suicide I'm nume stupid. i hate my life i really do. but i have my friends and family. and i can't spell writh a damn.

Hi everyone, sorry for this long first post but I want to be very detailed I am 32, married and have 2 kids (2 and 3). I have always been a happy person carefree, although I do worry, I have never had anxiety. Around 7 months ago I had the stomach bug and as I was throwing up I had a sexual intrusive thought about my son, it wasn't vivid, just a quick thought. A week earlier me and my wife watched a movie "perks of being a wallflower" where a child gets molested and I envisioned it being my son and think that's what started it. I was a mess for a month, not eating, horrible sleep, vomiting, panicking when in contact with my children. I googled my thought afraid that the authorities would arrest me and take my children away. My wife is a nurse and works overnights and was scared to be left alone with them.  Over time I read more and more about anxiety and intrusive thoughts, and learned that it is just a symptom of anxiety and don't have to worry about acting on my thoughts, that in fact most people that have the. Are the kindest most gentile people. Two months after I started fishing a lot, getting back to normal and had a few weds were my anxiety and thoughts were almost non existent and so was the memory of having them. At work I thought, hey, you haven't had these things in weeks and that Thea me into a major setback and everything came back.For a while I was distant, afraid to hold them, constantly checking myself, etc. I finally did more research and read "at last a life" and another book by Claire Weekes. Both books helped me understand that I am suffering from anxiety and I had to face I to cure it.I started letting the thoughts come and go, I started playing with my children more and not holding anything back, I could now hold them, let them jump on me, etc. I have had days where I felt awful and others were I felt I was cured.I honestly don't get the thought that much anymore, and she I do I as it's ok to has them, they are just thoughts. My main problem is at work I am nicy anxious about being anxious. Some days my mind seams to wander non stop, and it's to eve about my intrusive thoughts. Another major problem is I still feel uncomfortable when my son is naked, eve though I don't really get the thoughts anymore, I feel weird like don't look at him. I also sometimes feel uncomfortable around other kids, although I don't have thoughts about them, I say why are you looking at them. I feel like I can see the light at the end of the tunnel, when I feel anxious I face, accept, float and let time pass, but it's the wandering mind that is getting to me. I saw a psychologist for first time yesterday and he said I am holdng onto this obsession, but his recommendation is to do the opposite of everything I read. He says when I get the thought to replace it with something I like I do, but isnt that suppressing it? He also says I need to do more things with the kids which I have been dong and has been helpful.Just looking for some reassurance, also maybe some positive stories that people the t have overcome anxiety and intrusive thoughts

I am new here. I have been dealing with anxiety and OCD my entire life. I have had a range of fears and obsessions and they always pass but then I obsess about something new. I have feared getting kidnapped, liking a relative, being gay, thinking blasphemous thoughts, having herpes, having HIV and on and on (some I am even too uncomfortable saying here)...But none of these fears are rational or have ever come to fruition. I am however very effected because these thoughts and fears have made me deeply disturbed. I have been better at times though so I know I can be okay. Currently (after a breakdown from too much work stress) I am obsessed with my mental state. The moment I wake up in the morning, I question if I am okay or happy. I am preoccupied with this the whole day. I dread not having a busy day because my mind is consumed with this thought. In the past, accepting my thoughts as OCD has helped me but I am really struggling with finding the right balance between accepting and ruminating. I have taken the advice of accepting as allow the thought but by doing this it just seems that it increases and replays all day long. I am really distressed right now and want help. I have attended groups and try to engage in therapy (I have Kaiser and they tend to push groups but I need one on one support). I have an appointment with a new therapist next week and I hope she hears me out. I am very blessed in life with many positive things and I am aware of this but I can't help dwelling on negativity and making myself be unhappy. Does anyone have any advice, techniques, anything that has helped them? Has anyone shared this issue with me? I have so much to be grateful about in life but my mind wont allow me to appreciate it.

I am a guy. I usually masturbate in my room, I finish in a Kleenex and discard it into the garbage bin. But sometimes I get some on my hands and I wipe them with tissues and baby wipes. My question is: Is it safe/ok to open the door with my hands just wiped off the semen on my way to the bathroom (to wash my hands)? Sometimes I would use my elbow to open the door or I would later wipe the door handles if I touched them with my hands just wiped. I just don't want to spread semen around, you know. Is this normal? What do the others do? What about if there is no water available, like idk, sex in a car or outside, how would people clean? I just worry if I have some uncleaned semen on my hands, to not spread it around by touching other items.

I have been suffering from OCD now for going on 28 years. (8 is a bad number by the way). I have been in therapy just as long. I have been taught EPT and on occasion it has been successful. It currently is not. I feel as though my brain has short circuited and I have no control over my actions or thoughts. I am a prisoner. I've resorted to harming which I have done many times before. I have many battle scars to prove it. This way I can feel real pain, not this "magical thinking" as they like to call it. Plus when people see (actually see) my bandage, they can see my wound. No one can see the pain in my head. I'm so tired of this disease. I'm so tired of fighting day in and day out. I feel so hopeless and it's such a familiar place to be. I know it so well. I just need someone who can understand where I am right now. I need to feel like I'm not alone.

When I wake up, I think of all the compulsions I'll have to do throughout the day and dread it so much that's its hard for me to get out of bed.. Then when its time to go to bed, I don't want to because it'll be so difficult to get out of bed.. And throughout the day, I barely manage to eat twice, just to take my meds.. But il plagued by these horrible, disgusting, disturbing sexual intrusive thoughts 24/7, and even in my dreams I'm trying to ward them off. These thoughts increase whenever I'm about to drink water, which I have to take with my meds. I can't do anything I want to, like read books, go to university, or play basketball, all because of these thoughts and the compulsions that come with it. You see, its like this. If I'm doing something and I get an intrusive thought, I have to repeat the action with a thought that doesn't bother me. And if I don't do that, the intrusive thought will plague me forever. And its really disgusting. It kills me that all my former classmates are out there living their lives and I'm stuck doing these compulsions. And no one else is going to understand how disturbing these thoughts are. My life is so difficult and empty right now that I want to die. The only thing that got me out of bed now is the thought of writing this post. I had to delete and retype this a number of times because of intrusive thoughts. I have tried to kill myself multiple times since 2011.

